# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 13

in a controlled secror. You must influence Sires 10 gain their benefits. See Commands: Influence on page 31 and Sites on page 41. 9 Sector Display Iw The upper lefr is A 9 squane section of the City map. The middle sector is the sector you are currently displaying. Click on any AJACENT SECTOR in the 9 Secror Display 10 select and display thar secror. You can also use he arrow keys 10 move fitom sector 10 sector. The grid coordinates will Also be displayed here like in the City view. Overlord Bar Above the city map (on sector in the Sector View) is a saall bar thar shows all 6 Chios Overlords currently playing the scenario. To the right of exch ugly mug is the word Wait . Anytime you see thar Wait , ir means iar player kas Nor finished inputting their commands and has nor hit Dowe on the Main Panel Conrrol. If avy Overlord is eliminared, there will be only video snow where his/hen/its face was. Ir is always Good 10 see thar. Main Control Panel Located on The right side of the main play screen is the Main Control Panel. On ir are 7 buttons which control the nifty lire panels thar slide our of ir. The panels can also be accessed by orher means, bur these are important so read on. If there is more information than can fir in A single panel, the nwo arrow burtons on the lefr side of the panel can be used 10 Toggle: berwcen all the different Events, Combars etc. Click on the arrows ro switch on press the lefr/ziqht burtons on the keyboard 10 switch infor- mation. 22 Event Pressing this will bring our the Last Turn Events Panel. If you rake over A sector, fully influence a Site, complere Research ON AN iTEM, A SECTOR crackdown occurs, erc. then those events will be displayed in this panel. Ar the beginning of your Turn, the Last Turn Events will auromarically pop our if any events had occurred during your last turw (like controlling a sector on completing research ow an item). If you close the Last Turn Events Pawel before viewing all the events, yellow light will blink on the Events burton. This pavel will nor appear if nothing of nore happened last Turn. Contlink This burton is broken up into 2 burrons (View and Send). The upper View burton brings up any messages the orlier Overlords have senr you (Chaos E-mail). You can send messages 10 the other Overlords by clicking on the lower Send burion. Type your message in the panel and click on the face(s) of the Overlords you wish 10 send THE message 10. You can send the same message 10 multiple Overlords by selecting their face. You Comlivk will store up 10 16 of the Most RECENT messages SENT 10 YoU, The burton will blink if you have nail from another Overlord. This panel will Nor opEN if you have No messages (unless you wanr 10 send one). This but- ron will only work in multi-player (human) Games Finance This burton is broken up into 2 buntons (City and Seeror). Clicking the upper City burton will bring up the City Financial panel. Listed on ir is breakdown of your projected cash flow for the ext TuRN Nore: Red Numbers mean whar you will pay, Gace wumbers is cash you will ears Gang Upkeep: This is how much your Gangs will cost you. New Recauirs: If you hize a gang, his cost will appear here. This will also show how many gangs thar will be under your employ (bar- Ring any deattis from combat). 23
