# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 12

stant off in one of six sectons on the map. Those six locations are THE same for all the scenanios bur where each Overlord starts is random. Each Overlord will starr off with one sector under their control (see Commands:Conrrol on page 30). When ay Overlord controls 4 par- ricular sector, the color of thar sector will be thar of the controlling Overlord. When 4 sector is Gray, No one controls it. On the map you will see various icons in the sectors: small circle with a green middle your Ganq(s) are in thar sector small circle with a red middle your ganq(s) are in that sector and they detect enemy Gang(s) there also small cincle with a green/ned middle with a whire question mark as Above, except your Ganq(s) in thar sector Have Nor all BEEN Given come mands avy small cizcle with red marks on the circle you just hired a Gang into thar secror small circle with a black middle & red marks you hired a gang into your sector thar has wone of your Gangs in it, wo gray polygons sector of importance in thar particular sce NARIO Flashing white box cursor Sector Selector. shows which sector you have chosen Site icons Locared on the lefr side of the sector, these indicate Sites you have influenced (see Sites on page 21) Click on any sector 10 select ir (rl flashing Sector Selector will move 10 thar sector). Double click 10 open 10 Sector view. Shorrcur: Use rhe annow keys 10 selecr sectors and hir Retunn 10 Go 10 Secror view. Crackdown Icon Cops in the sector. Warning; the cops will amiack all Gangs in this sector. 20 Sector View By double clicking ov a sector in the City View, or by hirting rewen (the sector with the sector selection icon on it), a Sector view screen will replace the city. The Sector View Screen shows a blow up picture of rar particular secon and the rece Sites in thar sector (see Sites below) and the 9 square Mini-Map. Also, all of your Gancs in thar sector will be dis- played. If your gangs detect ANy ENEMy GANG in thar sector, the covmol- ling Overlord s face will be lit up on the Overlord Bar. Clicking on the Overlords face will display that Overlords gangs thar you can detect. To RETRN 10 the city view, click oN the Green arrow locared in the lower lefr of the Sector View screen. Gangs IF you have any gangs in thar sector you will see them here. You can dou- ble click on the Gang face 10 opeN the Gag Information panel for exact sats ON Thar Gang. You caN only look ar your own Gangs. The qaeen/red bar above each gang is its force bar. All green equals 10 force. If thar Gang Takes any damage, the Green car will Tun red. A Gang dies if thei force is reduced below 1. The Command Bar is locared under the Force Bar. You give commands 10 a Gang Here (see Commands on page 29). The three small boxes under the Gang face are thar Ganq s equipped items. The finst box is for weapons, the second is armor and The last is for mis- cellancous items. Double click on any item for the trem Information pawel for more information on thar item. You can also double click on items on enemy Gangs for information 100 (bur nor on the Gang irself). Sites The 3 Sires are located 1o the borrom lefr of the screen. Double click on Site 10 bring up THe Sire Information panel. You can only influence Sites 21
