# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 7

Sound Effects These ane the sound effects thar Accompany the Game. You ean control the volume of the sound effecrs just like the Music. 11 also ranges from Mute (no sound effects) 10 Loud. The volume of the Music can differ from the volume of the sound effects. Defaulr: Medium Base Statistics When checked, the game will display an additional column of statistics in the Mercenary Information panel. This additional column displays the base information (starting statistics) for the gang currently being viewed. Default: Nor Checked Detailed Combat Check this option if you wish 10 warch the individual combats take place. If this option is yor checked, then a combat summary panel will be dis- played instead, Defaulr: Checked Slide Panels Whew this option is nor checked, all slide out panels will pop our instead, This is handy for people wirk slow computers and some Laprops. Default: Checked Warn IF Idle Gangs Whew checked, he computer will warn you if you hir Done on the Main Panel Control (see Controls) and you did nor give commands 10 all of YOUR GANGS. Default: Checked Comm Menu These options ane for multi-player Games. Disconnect This will disconnect you from all the other players connected via net work/modem. Multi-Player Type There are 4 rypes of multi-player oprions for bork the Windows 95 and Macintosh versions: Windows 95 Nowe: This is the defaulr serting. If you are Nor Connected 10 A NEt- work or modem, then this option is automatically selected. WinSock: This will allow you 10 play against other Win? PC's or Mac machines over a TCP/IP nerwork. IF you have a PPP/SLIP cov- ection To The inteRNer, you can also play over the internet. Modem: Used for modem connection. Serial: Used for a direct connection via a serial port. Macintosh None: This is the defaulr sensing. If you are Nor Connected 10 A Net work or Modem, THEN this option is automatically selected. AppleTalk: This is the prefered nerwork ype if you Are Connect- ing up all Macs. Communications Toolbox: his is mainly used for modew/senial play. MacTCP: This will allow you 10 play against other Macs or Win? 5 machines over a TCP/IP nerwork. If you have a PPP/SLIP connection to the internet, you caN also play over The inteRNer.
