# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 25

Endgame Screen After a scenario is finished (and you are Not eliminated) you will see the Endgame Screen. The Overlords pictures ane posted on the lefr in onder of place (Ist place on 10p, lasr place on the borrom). There are Two sets of information available 10 view. Awards Various awards will be given 10 the different Overlords based on thein performance in the game. These awards have No impact On who wins or loses bur it Gives you a little idea of the way each Overlord played. Skull This is awarded 10 the Overlord whose gaxgs did the most roral damage in combat. Fist This is the Given 10. the Overlord with the most Overthrows. AN Overthrow occurs when you take control of a sector directly from anotl- ex Overlord. Dollar Sign This is bequearlied upow the Overlord who spent the most cash during the came. Sate This is bestowed upon the Overlord who spent the least amount of cash duning the game. Big Fat Chicken This is slapped on the Overlord who did the most Hiding during the game. 46 IF No significant combar/hiding occurs, then No awards for those care- ories will be Given ar all. Stats These are the exact numbers of the Game. Cash Earned The toral amount of cash gained during the Game. Cash Spent The roral amount of cash spent during the Game Damage Inflicred The toral number of damage points all of your gangs inflicted against your Opponenr s Gangs during aw attack, Note: damage from a retaliatory arrack is nor added 10 this roral. Casualties The number of gangs under your control thar died. Overthrows The number of sectors your gangs siole control of from avother Overlord. Hiring the Done burton on the Endgame Screen will return you 10 the Title Screen. 47
