# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 9

Objective Scenarios Kill Em All Simple. Kill off all the over Chaos Overlords. Be the sole survivor. Big 40 The first Overlord 10 control 40 sectors wins. Eliminate Each player starts the game with one qang...1he Right Hands. Kill off all the other Overlord s Right Hands 10 win. If a player loses their Right Hands, thar player is our of the game. All of thar player s Gangs will van- ish and that fool's controlled seciors will become neutral. Siege Each of the six Overlords stants off in a conrnolled secon which is des- iquated as a sector of importance by the 1wo Gray polygons inside the sec- ror. To win, you must have all six of these special secrons under your CON- rrol ar the same tive. Big Man Locared in the cenrer of the city are four seciors of importance. You will Gain 1 point each turn for each special sector you control. Nore thar this is the only scenario where points are accumulated 10 your score. The first Overlord 10 accumulate 40 points wins. Armageddon The first Overlord 10 control all 64 sectors wins. Unfortunately, all the Overlords will starr with 500 cash and every single ivem fully researched. This ONE can Get Nasty. Game Sertings Panel Under the Scenarios Panel is the Game Sertings Panel. This is where you ser the difficulty levels of the Chaos Overlords. The easiest is Goon (also 4 kwown as the Pansy Level). The normal level of play is Criminal. Crimelord is very hard, bur very capable of being beaten. Play this level only if you ane kicking some senious neck on Criminal. Homicidal Maniac should Nor be played with only on Human player due 1o ir s extreme difficulty. You caw also ser time limirs on the turns. Norwal game play has no time limits on ihe rues. You can ser the limir from 30 seconds 10 5 minutes. Serting time limits lrelps our on multi-player games because some players can rake for- ever 10 finish rhein Turn. A rime limir will cause these slowpokes 10 hurry up. Player Selection Panel ly the upper right side of the Game Serup Screen is the Player Selection Panel. Your mug will be lit avd the other five are shown as shadowy eNe- mies. You can change your Overlord face by clicking on the two Green arrows located on the face (they look like Green ears). You can cycle through Numerous mugs unril you find ove you are happy with, You can change the Name by clicking ow the Name under the face. You CAN USE Up 1o 10 characters in your Name (or you CAN leave it as The default Name -ive.Player 1). If you want ro change your color, drag your face onto any of the other colors in the panel. IF you have friends who also want 10 play using the same computer, you can click upon the Add burton under the six faces. If you added 100 many human players or you realize thar you have no friends, then you can click on the Remove burron 10 revert the last human player added back 10 computer control. You can tke over your friend s color by dragging your face onto your friend s face. This will exchange colors. Nore thar the starting position is random No maTTER whar color you choose. Whew playing with multiple players on the same compuren, you will rake turns inpurting commands and hining. After the last player finishes his/her turn, the computer will process everyone s tuRn simultaneously. The first player s Turn does wor o before the orlier players. All human and com- purer playen s commands are dove ar the same time. Refer 10 The Inner Sanctum on page 44 19
