# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 18

Dov t be squeamish about muscling in a few important Sites. Some Sites can make on break a Game. Many provide cash each turn wirhour you hav ing 10 do anything. Move... Moves GANG 10 aN adjacent sector. You select the sector 10 move 10 by clicking on ir. AN arrow will appear showing the direction of the move. Click OK after you select the sector. Shomcur: From the secron view, daag the Gang 10 A s cIOR oN The 9 sector display. The destination secrow will flash, and the Gang will be Given the command 10 move vere. Research. Research ayy items you caynot currently equip. Successful research will pur thar item into the list of items able 10 be Equipped. Select 10 bring up the Equipment To Research panel. Select rype of item 10 kesearch. The NUMER iN THE ReseARch panel NEXT 10 AN iTEM REPRESENTS The AMOUNT of research needed to successfully research the irem. When thar number neaches zero, The item is researched. You need 10 research in conrrelled sectors with influenced Science Centers or Research Labs in order 10 research the high tech irews. Nore: Some of you eophiyres mighr rhivk reseanching is A waste of rime, until you find your Crap Pukes holding a Combar Pisiol staring down Snipers wih Rocker Launchers. Sell... Sells any on all items owned by A gang. When you sell av ine, you receive half of the original price (this does Nor include discounts from factories) rounded down. Select Sell... avd ir will open the Eouipment 1o Sell pavel. To select av irem 10 sell, you simply click on the item. Clicking on the item toggles the highlight of the irem. Any items thar are highlighted will be sold when you click the OK burton. Snitch Informs police of illegal activity in the sector. The exact opposite of Bribe excepr thar Snitching is free. This reduces the Tolerance of the secror by 3, thereby increasing the chance of a Crackdown (see Crackdown on pace 42). 33
