# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 17

under your conirol, you will gain only 1/2 the cash, bur your chaos will count as full toward thar sector's crackdown. The higher the tolerance, the less likely a crackdown will occur. The higher the secror s class, the higher the chaos (see Math of rhe Game on page 48). Using 2 or more GANGS 10 chaos in a SECTOR is Nor 100 advisable Unless you use a lor of Bribing on the sector Has a high tolerance Note: tr is almost impossible 10 win without using Chaos (hence ihe name Chaos Overlords). Control Arrempr to control a sector, The more Gangs ArTEMpting 10 control a sec- Tor, The easier ir is 10 control. You Need 10 control A SECTOR iN ORdER 10 influence Sites. IF you have Gangs in a controlled sector, they will help AGAINST ENEMY ATTEMprs TO wrest ConrROL of your sector from you. Eouip... Buy ayy equipment for har gang. You have 10 Research most of the equipment before you can Equip them. Equipping an item will decrease your cash by rhe irem s cost. Select this command 10 open the Eouipment 10 Purchase panel. Select the ryp of item (melee weapon, ranged weapon, armor, on wtiscellaneous). A list of items available 10 purchase for thar particular gang will show. Click on item 10 purchase then hit the OK bur- ron. If you double click on the item, the Iiem Information panel will pop our and show all the mods of rar particulan item. The performance of ceR- ain gangs will qaeaily benefit some equipment (always Give A GUN 10 Snipers). If a Gang is killed, all of its equipment will be gove forever. Give... A gang will Give another one of your gavgs his equipment. Select this command 10 open the Equipment 10 Give panel. Click on the item 10 give and then select GANG 10 Give the item 10. One GaNG CAN only Give items To one other Gang bur he can give all 3 items 10 that gang if le wants 10. Nore: a gang's rech level will derenwive wherhien on Nor a Gang can use a paaticular piece of equipuent. 30 If the tech level of the irem is 100 high for the Gang you want To Give To, thar gang will be dimmed our when you select thar irem. You will be unable To GIVE A GANG AN item if his tech level is 100 low To use it, If GaNG A Gives gang B equipment, you can Have Gang B perform ayy command you WANT. IF Gang A Gives an item 10 GANG B, any similar item already equipped by GANG B will be los. You can have gang A and gang B give each orher items (swapping). Heal The performance of a Gang depends a lor on how Healthy ir is. Heal will have thar GANG REST 10 REGAIN Any lost force. The maximum force is ren; you cannot Heal any GANG Above Ten force. A healthy qaxq will perform much better in actions like combar and chaos. Any Gangs with a large Neqr ative Heal will be almost impossible regain force. Try 10 move thar Gang 10 a sector with a conmolled Hospital or equip thar gang wirk ines thar increase their Heal skill, Hide Arrempts 10 hide a gang from arack. If thar gang is artacked, there is a chance that your gang will elude the arrack altogether. Any hiding Gang does nor count roward control of a sector and will wor get any Retaliato- ry arack if successfully artacked. Also a ang hiding in a controlled sec- ror will Nor count Toward resisting Any Attempts of control initiated by enemy Gangs. Hiding has no effect on whether your gang is derecred or Influence... Intimidation and quile is whar your gang Needs 10 iy 10 coeRce A Site iN your cowrrolled sector 10 come under your influence. Any influenced Sire will benefit (or hinder) your Gane in thar secton (see Sites on page 41) as well as affecr the entine sector itself. You need 10 influence certain Sires in orden 10 win certain scenarios. Influencing Sites is also aN imporraNt factor in Winning most GAMES. Shorrcur: You caw also drag the gangs face onto 4 Sire 10 have thar Gang influence thar Site until ir is fully influenced, 31
