# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 6

Starting The Game How To Use the Menus Chaos Overlords uses the standard menus with one exception. While you ane playing Chaos Overlords, the menu bar is hidden. To Gain access 10 the menus, you simply move your Cursor 10 the Yop of the screen. While the menu bar is visible, you are free 10 select any items you wish. When you move the cursor away from the Top of the screen, the menu bar will automatically hide itself (except the Windows 95 version). You may use the keyboard shoricurs even while The menu bar is hidden. File Menu The File menu contains the following commands: New Game... Begins a new came. This oprion is available only from the tirle screen. If you wish to begin a New Game while there is currently a GAME iN PROGRESS, you will weed 10 select End Game first. Open Game... Opens a scenario file, allowing you continue play whene you last saved. To Use this oprion, you must first have a Game saved as a scenarion file. When selecred, in will ope a dialog box prompting you for the scenario file you wish 10 open. Save... Saves the Game you are currently playing into a scenario file, WHEN selecr- d, a dialog box will appear prompting you 10 Name the scenakio file. End Game Ends the Game in progress, RETURNING you 10 The Tirle scREEN. 8 Host Game... Seis you up as the Game host (see Playing A Multi-Player Game on page 53). Join Game... Connects you 10 the game host. The game can be played over a modem or A network (see Playing A Multi-Player Game on page 93). Quit... Exirs Chaos Overlords, returning you 10 the Desktop. Options Menu The Oprions menu helps you confiquae Chaos Overtords 10 your prcfer- ences. It contains the following, options: Thousands of Colors (16-bit) This option sexs the Number of colors thar you wish the game 10 use. Chaos Overlords has two Graphics modes: Thousands (16-bit) and 256 (8-bit). For best performance and quality, this should match the current setting of you system's configuration. On startup, Chaos Overlords will deter- mine if the CoNfiquration is set 10 the same value thar the Game wishes 10 use. IF they are nor the same, you will be prompred with a dialog box allowing you to change your confiquration. ON exit, this setting will be restored, This option will be dimmed if your compurer can only use ONE of the display modes. Default: Checked Music The game will play a soundirack in the background. You can adjust the volume of the music by using the slider conrrol. The volume ranges from Mute (no music) 10 Loud. Default: Medium
