# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 20

Derect The abiliry 10 derect inrmuders in your sector. IF your Gangs are uNAble 10 detect a Gang in thar secion, that Gang will nor be shown To you in the Game. The more Gangs in A sector, the qrearer the chance of detection. If One of YOUR GANGS CAN SEE AN ENEMY GANG, All YOUR GANGS iN ThaT secToR can artack them. Command Skills A ang with high command skills will be more efficient in performing the relevant commands than Those gangs with little on wegarive command skills. A gang thar dors possess a neqative skill caw skill perform thar command bur will nor be very effective on may fail, Chaos The ability ro extract caslt our of a secror s populous via anarchistic activ- ities. Control The ability ro qain control of a sector and also the ability 10 protect a controlled sector from being taken over by enemy Gangs. Heal The ability ro recover force. A GANG cAN heal up 10 a maximum force of Ten. Influ The ability 10 persuade A Site in your controlled sector 10 cooperate with you. Research The ability 10 research irems. A Gang can only research items of a tech level equal 10 or less than their own. Withour any controlled Science 36 Center on Research Lab Sites, a gang may only neseanch up 10 tech level 5 (even if their vech level is Greater than 5). Combar Skills There are 5 otlier overlords competing for the same scratch of city you are. Your Gangs will eventually Have 10 fight for what is yours. Combar skills dinecily add 10 a gangs combar rating when the appropriate weapon is equipped. Caretul inspection of a gang s Combat skills will enable you 10 Quip your Gang effectively. All combar skills are cumulative. For example, if a gang with a2 Sirength and 4 Blade skill equips a Blade weapon, they will ger both bonuses (2 4) toward combar in addition 10 the weapon's combat bonus. Strength Overall physical strength of a gang. Strength adds to Combar with bare hands (Wo weapon) or any Melee or Blade weapon. Blade Combat adds with all Blade weapons. Range Combar adds with all Ranged weapons. Fighting Combat adds only with bare hands. M Arts Martial Arts. Combar adds only for bare Hands. If a gang with Martial Arts artacks with bare hands, they will or take any retaliatory damage unless they artack another Martial Artist with bare hands. 37
