# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 30

REACHING NEW WORLD COMPUTING CUSTOMER SUPPORT Customer Support by Voice You may call New World Compuring's Technical/Customer Support line ar (818) 889- 5650 from 9an-Noon and from 2pm-5pm (PST). America Online You can E-uail Custower Support ar NewWorldCo, fo reach our Customer Support board in the Indusray Connection, use Go 10" and ryp New World, Iw addition 10 eead- ing and posting messages, you can download files from the New World Sofware Library. For membership intonmarion and A free stanrex kit, you can call Amica Online roll-fnee at 1 (800) 827-6364. CompuServe To neach oun Customer Support board in the Game Publishers Forum, use Go 10" and type GAMEDPUB . Then selecr New World Computing. Iv addition 10 reading and posting messages, you cav dounload fies from the Library Files. To each our Custowen Senvice depariment by E-mail, oun adduess is 76004-3610. Fon membership inforwa- Tion and a free starrer kit, you caw call CompuSeave roll-free ar 1 (800) 848-8199 And ask for representative 368 which includes an ixinoductony membership and a 15 usage credit. GEnie You can E-mail Customer Support ar NEW.WORLD". To reach our Customer Support board in the Games RoundTable, Scorpia RT, type M809; 1 at any ? prompt. Then select New World Compuring. In addition 10 reading avd posting messages, YOu CaN download files from the Games Rouxdlable Libraries. For membership information, you can call GEnie toll-free at 1 (800) 638-9656. New World Computing BBS New World Computing s BBS cay support 1200/2400/9600/14400/28800 baud ates with a modem senting of 8,N, 1. It is operational 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. You will be able 10 Find files for downloading and Customer Support on this system. Call 1 (818) 889-5684 10 connect. No membenship is needed and the only cost is any Long listayce changes thar you May INCUR 76
