# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 27

sector from being controlled by other Overlord gangs. If control of that sector is lost, all influenced Sites in that sector is also losr. If you regain control of thar sector, all the Sires in thar secror will have full Resistance AGAIN. Control Aniempr 10 control a SECTOR. Control of neural sector toral (FORCE CONTROL skill) of all your gangs controlling - sector Income. Control of enemy sector 1oral (FORCE CONTROL skill) of all your Gangs controlling - sector Income - roral (FORCE CONTROL skill) of all controlling enemy Gangs in thar sector that are Not Hiding - roral Supporr of all influence Sires in thar Sector. No dice roll. If number is positive, contnol is established. If number is Negative, No control, IF Number is zeRo, theRe is a 50 chance of con- trol of thar sector. If multiple enemy Gangs try 10 CONTROL A NEUTRAL seC- on on the same Turd, the Overlord with the highest Number will conrmol the sector. Bribe Increases tolerance of a sector by 3 for 3 cash. Max. 40 base rolerance Nore: A base tolerance can be 40 on Q if there are influence Sires in Thar sector, A sector with a Neqative tolerance will auromarically Bust even if no one is Chaosing in thar sector, A sectors tolerance will increase/decrease back 10 its oniginal sector tolerance (modified by Sites) by one each Turw if ir is Kigher/lower than Normal. 50 Snitch Decreases tolerance of a secror by 3. Min. O base tolerance. (see Bribe) Nore: Swisching is free. Take advanrage of thar fact 10 weaken and Crackdown enemy secrors. Don r worry, they will be doing the same thing 70 you 100. Combat Artacking Gangs et an Arrack Roll against AN ENEMY GANG. Amrack Roll Gang s Combar - Defenders Defense. Gang s Combar Combar star all irem mods appropriate mod skills like Strength, Ranged, MA, ere. Defenders Defense Artacked gang s Defense star all item Defense mods. IF arvack roll is positive, then that is Number of dice rolled. Each success 1 damage inflicted on ranger gang (Force ors down by ove). Defending Gangs ger a Reraliarony Artack Roll against the artacking can. Revense armacken & defender. Same as Arrack roll bur number is then alved (wound up?2). nore: Aniacking Gang which uses MA (narial anrs) will vor suffer a Retalixory Amick unless the Defender also uses MA. Hiding Chance for being hir while hiding are as follows: If the amackens detect is equal 10 the defenden s stealthy, there is a 30 chance of being hir while hidden. This is adjusted by 5 for exch point of difference. Nore thar your Gang detect increases when you have mul- a1
