# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 28

riple gangs in the sector, bur the gang's individual detect will be used when determining if he caw hit a hidden gang. (see Srealrh/Derect below). Stealth/Derect IF a Ganq s Detect is an enemy s Stealth, you will be able 10 see the olter iv the same sector. Mulriple gangs in a sector greatly improves your ability 10 derecr other gangs. Take the qang with the highest Detect. Add 10 ir for each orer Gang as follows: Gang Deecr 0-10 add 1 1-12 add 2 13-14 add 3 15-16 add 4 17-18 add 5 19 add 6 Crackdown The Cops will arvack all gags in that sector ar 20 Combar. They may nor see the Gang depending on thein stealth. Stealth 3 or less 100 of getting spanked by the Cops. For ever stealth above 3, their chance of finding you will be decrease by 59 . So a 23 stealth will make you undetectable 10 the Cops. If you arempr 10 Hide, the Cops will artack with a Devect of 12. 52 Playing A Multi-Player Game Serting Up A Multi-Player Game To play a mulri-player Game, the players must decide who will be the host and whar prorocol will be used (the lost should be on the fastest machine possible). All other players will be connecting 10 the host as nodes. When The host player is selected, he must enter Chaos Overlords ard begin specifying all of the information abour rhe Game (scenario, difficulty level, runw rime limit, e1c.). After the host process, all of the nodes CAN CONNECT. When the node players connect, they will be given a face and a color. They can change their face and name, but ror thein color, When exch node has their information entered, they shiould click the Beqin button 10 signify thar they are ready. After all node players are ready, the host must then click Begin ro starr the Game (the listing player cannor click Begin uvril afrer all node player have done so). You will now be playing. Selecting A Multi-Player Protocol For Windows 99 WinSock Allows you ro play over the internet on A Nenwork using TCP/IP. For the internet, you must first login 10 your internet provider, so thar you CAN be assigned aN IP addaess (you only need 10 know your IP address if you are the Host) Modem Allows you 10 play through a modem connection. The Host automatically waits for the slave To connect. When Joining, wake sure your dialing properties are ser correctly, enter tHe phone number, then click Dial Direct Connect Allows you 10 play through a serial connection. When Hosting and Joining, select and configure the Com Port you are using 10 CONNECT, THEN 3
