# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 23

Crackdown below). A Site can increase tolerance (promore chaos) oR decrease rolerance (curb chaos). Support Certain Sires ane looked upon very favorably by the people. These Sires will improve Support. Having A positive support will make ir harder for rival Overlords 10 take control of thar sector. Also in the Acceptance Scenario, the object is 10 gaRner the highest toral support at the end of she time lint, Cash Some Sites house profirable businesses. Influeyce of these Sires provide a steady income every TuRN. A couple of Sites have a Nequrive cash flow, so you Have 10 pay MONEY EVERY TuRY To openare the Site. Influencing few high cash Sires is A Good way 10 finance your war machine. Statistics/SkilL Mods Like inems, avy influenced Site will add mods 10 4 gang's statistics and/or skills, A fully influenced Sire will affect all of your Gangs in thar sector only, For example, a Hospiral will give big bonus 10 all Heal skills of your gangs in thar secron. IF you buy irews in a secror with an influenced Factory, the ivem will cosr less. Once a gang moves our of thar sector, He will Lose any bonus from those Sites. Nore thar if you lose contol of sector thar has fully influenced Sites, you lose all the Sires 100. Crackdown When the Chaos in a sector exceeds the Tolerance, a Crackdown will occur in thar sector, A Crackdown in a sector will cause No money will be gained from any Chaos activity in that secror. If thee Crackdowns occur in a sector in a five Tuan period, the controlling Overlord will lose 42 control of the sector and control will revert 10 neutral status. The Cops will appear in thar sector and procerd 10 clean house . The Cop icon will appear in thar secror avd you will be able 10 see it even if you lave yo Gangs in Thar sector. Cybervetic monsters, these Cops will armack every Gang in the Crackdown sector tliey can find from 5 10 5 runs, They use armored cars with Pulse Cannons and caynor be rangeted for artack and cannot be killed. No GANG CAN artempr To Re-conrrol thar sector until the Cops are gone. The higher a ganq s Srealik, the berrer the chawce ir has of avoiding a Cop's wrath. Hiding a gang will increase irs chance of avoiding arrack bur does nor Guarantee it. IF your Gangs Crackdown the sector while the Cops are there, the Cops will stay even longer 43
