# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 26

The Math of the Game Dice Unless stared, all wumbers are in terms of 6-sided dice. Whenever a roll is needed (like Chaos), the roral number of dice rolled. A 5 , or 6 rolled is a success. i.. if Chaos roral di would be 5. is 15, the average success Sector Base Tolerance and Chaos/control Base is based on the social class of the sector as follows: SECTOR CLASS code income rolerance(base) Lower lo 3 14 Lower Middle LM 4 13 Middle MOS 12 Upper Middle UM 6 MW Upper up 7 10 IF chaos in a secror is GREATER THAN The sector's tolerance, then crackdown occurs. tolerance changes with the influence of Sites and by Bribe and Snitch commands. Income of a sector is the number of dice added 10 the toral chaos roll in a sector (see Chaos on page 49). Income is the con- trol needed 10 control a sector. Heal Restore a qang s FORCE. 4d6 HEAL skill. each success 1 FORCE. Maximum FORCE a cang can have is 10. Because FORCE is so prevalent in many of the commands you do, ir is important 10 keep your Gangs healrhy 10 make them more effective. 48 Research Gain. research points (cumulative toward 1 item). Roll FORCE RESEARCH skill. Each item has a research number. Eacl success ON A Research roll is subtracted from thar irem. Once an item s Research NuM- ber reaches zero, you CAN purchase thar item. Success ON Research is only on a 6 rather than 5 on 6 , Since only Science Centers and Research Labs will allow you to research big ticker items, it is important To pRoTEct your researchers and the sector they are in. It is advisable to equip your researchers with the items they researched ro prorect them from harass- ing ENEMy GANGS. Chaos Sap territory for money: Chaos Roll toral (FORCE CHAOS skill) of all your Gangs Chaos-ing sector Income. Each success will bring 1 cash 10 you. If Chaos in a Non-controlled sec- Tor, cash on a success is only 1/2 cash, but full success is counted toward crackdown. IF roral Cliaos success of all your gangs and all enemy gangs Chaos-ing rernirory Tolerance, then Crackdown occurs. Influence Tay 10 coerce A Site in A controlled sector. Influence Roll roral (FORCE INFLUENCE skill) of all your gangs influencing Each Site has a Resistance. Each success subrracts one from thar Sire s Resistance number, When the Resistance zero, thar Site is Influenced and under your control. IF a Site has a positive Support, it helps thar 49
