# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 11

Whew a gang is hined, they begin with a force ranging berween five and ine. You can Heal A GANG Up 10 TEN. Game Info Screen This small screen is located on top of the Main Panel Control. This screen displays Two sets of information. The rop ser shows the Name of the scenario currently being played. Under thar is the dare. The year starts as 2050.1 which means year 2050 week 1. Each turn lasts one week. IF the scenario has a time limit, the right of the dare will be a number which is the number of turns (weeks) lef to play thar scenario. Under the dare is the score. Each scenario has irs own scoring system based on the objectives. Iv Greed, the score will be equal To the number of cash hoarded. IN Power scenario, score is equal 10 the number of sectors you control, etc. At the end of a scenario (objectives reached or the time is up) the words scenario Name COMPLETED will be displayed under the score. This allows you to view any last Turn com- bar and events that occurred bur you will Nor be able 10 enter anymore commands (the game is over aleeady). Hir Done 10 see The results. The borrom set shows cash first. This is the total amount of money held in your qreedy lirtle coffers. Keep an eye on cash when buying items and hin- ing qangs. Every Tur your roral cash will increase and decrease automar- ically depending on the gangs you hire, items you buy, Sites you influence, rc, Upkeep costs for all of your gangs will be deducted from your cash ar the beginning of every ren. Cash income from influenced Sites are added 10 your cash every TURN. For Every sector you conrrol, ove cash is also added 10 your 10 cash toral every Turn. If your cash roral eve Goes negative, the following happens: You will be unable 10 buy any equipment You will be unable 1o hire awy New qanqs (EXCEPT ANy GANG Thar has a zero initial cost). 18 You will be unable to execute Bribe and Snitch commands You'll be labeled a loser and everyone will laugli ar you (just joking, only some people will laugh ar you) Under Cash is all the information abour the sector you have curnently selecred (your blinking cursor is on in). Displayed ane Sector, Income, Tolerance, Cash, Support. Sector is the number ID of the Sector (A3,C5, erc.). Income is the social status of the people in thar sector. UP upper class, UM upper middle class, MI middle class, LM lower middle class, and LO lower class. The higher rhe class, the mone Money will be gained from Chaos in thar secror, bur also the higher class, the lower the rolerayce. Cash is the amount of money you gain from thar s c- ror and any influenced Sites on thar sector. You gain ONE cash per TURN from A controlled sector whether or Nor you have any GANGS in Them. Avy influenced Sires iv thar sector will incease/decrease Money in THAT secroR per turn (based ow the Site: an Avena will give more cash per turn and Research Lab will cost you 2 cash per tury). Support is the amount of help the people iv the sector will give you in resisting control artemprs from other Overlords. Support is Gained by influencing Sires thar are popular with the people like Temples and Hospitals. Game Info Button Located to the right of the Game Info Screen is a burton labeled Game Info. Clicking on this burton will slide our a panel with Game specific information. Listed will be the scenario type, the difficulry level of the computer players and a listing of each player, his/Her/its name and intel- ligence (Humav human player, Al compurer player). This panel will auromatically ope up arthe starr of any multi-player Game and at the starr of a saved game when it is opened. City View Iw the City view, you will see the entire map of the city you are fighting over. The city is divided into 64 sectors. The six Chaos Overlords each 19
