# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 15

will nor open if there ARE NO GANgs iN that sector. Clicking The lower Hire burion will bring our the Gangs for Hine panel. tr shows star info on your 3 gangs-for-hine in the Hine Screen. Ranking This burton brings up the Player Ravking panel. Ov ir the 6 Overlords ane on a ranking scale, The face highest on the scale is currently leading in the scoring. In scenarios like Eliminare, where there can be only one winner, the faces are all in the middle, and avyone eliminated will have his/henfirs face removed from the panel. Done The most important burton. When you have given all your gangs com- mands, ined/fined gangs erc., hit this burton. THe GAME CANNOT MOVE ON until you click here, The Game will warw you if you hir Done and you did Nor give all your gaxgs commands (unless Waan if Idle Gangs is turned off). If the Done burron is blinking, then the previous ren was the last run and Now you are just Given the opportunity 10 look ar the resulis of the last turn commands. Just click the Done burton 10 go 10 the Endgame Screen. Issuing Commands Issuing commands is The most important aspect of Chaos Overlords. Read this and Commands! You stant the game with a Rigltt Hands in your one controlled Sector. On your finsr 1uns you caN Give A command To your Right Hands. Commands ARE the ORdERS YOU GIVE TO A GANG 10 Tell Them 10 do something. As you hire more Gangs, commands CaN be Given 10 them as well. Every Gang you control can execute A single command per turn, You may choose Nor 10 give any commands 10 a particular Gang, bur its more efficient 10 have Them do something other than sap your cash wiih their exonmous upkeep costs. There ane MANy ways To issue A command 0 A GANG. You must be in the Sector view 10 give commands 10 A GANG. ON Top of exch of your Gangs is a black bar with a single queen arrow pointing down on the lefr axd double Green anow ON THE right side. This is the Command Bar. Click nd drag down on the single Green arrow on the Command Bar 10 choose command from the list. Once chosen, thie name of the command will replace the GREEN annow iN tHiar Gang s Command Bar. Thar gang will exe- cute thar command for one turn. If you wish To change a command, siv- ply choose another one and ir will replace the old command with yew One. Sometimes YOU WANT A GANG TO CARRY OUT A command thar will Take MoRE THAN ONE TURN 10 complete, like Heal on Influence. To have a Gang do a command forever (or until dove), choose the command from the double green arrow. You will have 4 smaller list of commands. These commands caw be performed continuously or until liar particular 1ask is done. You can choose 10 stop the continuous command by choosing a regular come mand. Commands are Nor carried our until you hit the Done burton on the Main Panel Control. 27
