# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 8

Playing Chaos Overlords Game Setup The Game Serup Screen can be broken up into three parts: Scenario Selection Control Panel Ow the lefr side is The Scenario Selection Control Panel. You choose which of the 10 different scenarios you wish 10 play. The lower four scenarios involve artaining the most of a specific something (cash, support, secrors on A combination of all three) ar the end of the predcrcmined rive livir. You can ser the time from 6 months (26 runs) 10 4 years (208 runs) for each of these four scenarios by using the four Time Limit burtons on the bortom of the Scenario Selection Control Panel. The upper six scenarios each have specific goals thar must be obtained 10 win the game. These six Have No Time limits (and do nor use the Time Limit buttons) and will continue 10 RUN until the goal is attained by one of the Overlords or until you are eliminated. Each of the 10 scenarios requine different strategies 10 defeat them. A sinaregy thar works for Greed will nor work for Big May. Know your objective, adapr 10 the Sites/Gangs you are dealt and you will reign supreme. Here is a nuNdowN of he various scenarios: Timed Scenarios Greed You must accumulate the most cash ar the end of the time limit 10 win. Your score Ipr/cash. Power You must control the most sectors ar the end of the time limit 1 win. Your score Ipr/sector currently controlled. Acceptance You must influence Sires 10 give you Support. The winen is the one with the most Suppor from influeNced secrons ar the end of the rime limit. Your score Ipr/Supporr pt. Nore thar some Sites will ive you a necative sup- port. If you influence those Sites, your score will be lowened Dominance Combines objectives of all 3 scenarios. Cask, sectors and Supporr are all counted toward the final score. Score is based on the time limir as fol- lows: 6 months: 1 cash Ipt 1 Support 1Opts 1 conrolled sector 3Opts year: 1 cash Ipr 1 Support 3Opts 1 controlled sector 100 prs 2 years: 1 cash Ipr 1 Support 75prs controlled sector 290prs A yeas: 1 cash Ip 1 Supporr 300prs controlled sector 1000prs Nore: To win, you musr have the highesr score ar the end of rhe rime linir. The scone is based on whar you curnenily own/possess. Ir is nor cumulative. For example, inv Power, if ow turn you conrol 6 secrons, and ow ruRN 6 you conrrol 7 sectors, your score is 7 or 1.
