# Table of Contents

- [Appendices](#appendices)
  - [Gangs](#gangs)
  - [Sites](#sites)
  - [Items](#items)

- [Chaos Overlords ](#chaos-overlords)
 - [Strategic Gang Warfare ](#strategic-gang-warfare)
- [Chaos Overlords ](#chaos-overlords)
 - [90 Day Limited Warranty](#90-day-limited-warranty)

# Chaos Overlords 
## Strategic Gang Warfare 

**Publisher:** New World Computing 
**Developer:** Stick Man Games 

P.O. Box 4302 
Hollywood, LA 90078

NEW WORLD COMPUTING, INC. 
ENTERTAINMENT SOFTWARE 
PMN 430-00

# Chaos Overlords 
© 1996 New World Computing, Inc. 
All Rights Reserved. First Edition. 

The enclosed software program and this manual are copyrighted. All rights reserved. 
This manual may not be copied, photographed, reproduced, or reduced to any electronic or machine-readable form, in whole or in part, without prior written consent from New World Computing, Inc. 

Portions of the program accompanying this book may be copied, by the original purchaser only, as necessary for use on the computer for which it was purchased. 

---

## 90 Day Limited Warranty
New World Computing, Inc., warrants the original CD on which this program is recorded to be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of purchase. 

If such a defect should occur during the 90-day period, you may return the disk to New World Computing, Inc., for a free replacement disk. 

After 90 days, enclose $10.00 to cover costs of media replacement and shipping charges. 

This warranty is only effective if you have previously returned the Product Registration Card for this product and include a copy of your receipt. 

New World Computing, Inc. makes no warranty… (continues)

4

Table OF Contents Abour Chaos Overlords Starring the Game How To Use the Menus File Menu Options Menu Comm Menu Playing Chaos Overlords Game Serup scenario Selection Control Panel Timed scenarios Objective scenarios Game Settings Panel Player Selection Panel OK, Ger Going, Pavel Controls Hire Game Info Screen City View Sector View Gangs Sires 9 Sector Display Overlord Bar Main Conrrol Panel Issuing Commands Commands Gangs Information Statistics Command Skills Combar Skills items Type Information Statistics/Skill Mods Sites Daa Sector Modifiers Staristics/Skill Mods Crackdown The Inner Sanctum The Structure of a Turn Command Sequence Endgame Screen Awards Stars The Mark of the Game Dice Heal Research Chaos Influence Conirol Bribe Snitch Combar Hiding Srealth/Derect Crackdown Playing A Multi-Player Game Serting Up A Multi-Player Game Selecting A Multi-Player Protocol For Windows 99 For Macintosh Locating your IP Address Hosting A Multi-Player Game Joining A Multi-Player Game Reaching New World Computing Customer Support

5

About Chaos Overlords Year 2046. Governments of the world hive been Going bankrupt. Privare indusinies starr 1o purchase national qoverwments. The world became a lange business community. Year 2050. World peace has been achieved when all Governments have merged uNdeR ONE coRporation called the World Unired Solidarity (WUS). Like all monopolies, WUS became breeding ground of conup- Tio. To control the people of the world, they instituted mass censorship. They banned ownership of all weapons, drugs and pornography. World vid access was limited and programming was stripped of sex and violence. Virwual Net traffic was shutdown. Life became boring. Enter the Chaos Overlords. Former crimelords and corporate. lieads, these leaders sought 10 exploit the people by creating chaos - selling the drugs, GUNS, ANd poRN TO ANyONE thar wanted ir. They shook down busi- esses and RAN The numbers. WUS did nor rake kindly 10 these blatant indiscretions and would frequently crackdown Overlord operations. The Overlords became more cunning and conducted MANy subVERSIVE OpERA- tions, Bribes and kickbacks would wav WUS'S eyes away from the crimes they commirred. The people were eager for more. Many gangs flocked under the Clinos Overlord s banner for their piece of the pic. The power of these Chaos Overlords was memendous and the only ones To stop them were each other. The cities became bartleqnounds for the Chaos Overlords. People and properry became mene pawns 10 use iN TheiR stRUGglE 10 destroy each otlier, Power and money were all thar martened 10 them. The Chaos Overlords began To savor the mass brutality and killings. People feared them, but would do nothing 10 stop them.. You are A Chaos Overlord. The city lies before you like a lamb before the slaughter, As you survey your domain your informarional net informs you Of the presence of five otter Overlords awaiting 10 pounce upon the ciry 6 which is rightfully yours. These prerendens do vor realize who they're dealing with! You have 10 show these fools who runs The operations anound hee. Ger our there and kick some neck!

6

Starting The Game How To Use the Menus Chaos Overlords uses the standard menus with one exception. While you ane playing Chaos Overlords, the menu bar is hidden. To Gain access 10 the menus, you simply move your Cursor 10 the Yop of the screen. While the menu bar is visible, you are free 10 select any items you wish. When you move the cursor away from the Top of the screen, the menu bar will automatically hide itself (except the Windows 95 version). You may use the keyboard shoricurs even while The menu bar is hidden. File Menu The File menu contains the following commands: New Game... Begins a new came. This Option is available only from the tirle screen. If you wish to begin a New Game while there is currently a GAME iN PROGRESS, you will weed 10 select End Game first. Open Game... Opens a scenario file, allowing you continue play whene you last saved. To Use this Option, you must first have a Game saved as a scenarion file. When selecred, in will ope a dialog box prompting you for the scenario file you wish 10 open. Save... Saves the Game you are currently playing into a scenario file, WHEN selecr- d, a dialog box will appear prompting you 10 Name the scenakio file. End Game Ends the Game in progress, RETURNING you 10 The Tirle scREEN. 8 Host Game... Seis you up as the Game host (see Playing A Multi-Player Game on page 53). Join Game... Connects you 10 the game host. The game can be played over a modem or A network (see Playing A Multi-Player Game on page 93). Quit... Exirs Chaos Overlords, returning you 10 the Desktop. Options Menu The options menu helps you confiquae Chaos Overtords 10 your prcfer- ences. It contains the following, options: Thousands of Colors (16-bit) This option sexs the Number of colors thar you wish the game 10 use. Chaos Overlords has two Graphics modes: Thousands (16-bit) and 256 (8-bit). For best performance and quality, this should match the current setting of you system's configuration. On startup, Chaos Overlords will deter- mine if the CoNfiquration is set 10 the same value thar the Game wishes 10 use. IF they are nor the same, you will be prompred with a dialog box allowing you to change your confiquration. ON exit, this setting will be restored, This option will be dimmed if your compurer can only use ONE of the display modes. Default: Checked Music The game will play a soundirack in the background. You can adjust the volume of the music by using the slider conrrol. The volume ranges from Mute (no music) 10 Loud. Default: Medium

7

Sound Effects These ane the sound effects thar Accompany the Game. You ean control the volume of the sound effecrs just like the Music. 11 also ranges from Mute (no sound effects) 10 Loud. The volume of the Music can differ from the volume of the sound effects. Defaulr: Medium Base Statistics When checked, the game will display an additional column of statistics in the Mercenary Information panel. This additional column displays the base information (starting statistics) for the gang currently being viewed. Default: Nor Checked Detailed Combat Check this option if you wish 10 warch the individual combats take place. If this option is yor checked, then a combat summary panel will be dis- played instead, Defaulr: Checked Slide Panels Whew this option is nor checked, all slide out panels will pop our instead, This is handy for people wirk slow computers and some Laprops. Default: Checked Warn IF Idle Gangs Whew checked, he computer will warn you if you hir Done on the Main Panel Control (see Controls) and you did nor give commands 10 all of YOUR GANGS. Default: Checked Comm Menu These options ane for multi-player Games. Disconnect This will disconnect you from all the other players connected via net work/modem. Multi-Player Type There are 4 rypes of multi-player options for bork the Windows 95 and Macintosh versions: Windows 95 Nowe: This is the defaulr serting. If you are Nor Connected 10 A NEt- work or modem, then this option is automatically selected. WinSock: This will allow you 10 play against other Win? PC's or Mac machines over a TCP/IP nerwork. IF you have a PPP/SLIP cov- ection To The inteRNer, you can also play over the internet. Modem: Used for modem connection. Serial: Used for a direct connection via a serial port. Macintosh None: This is the defaulr sensing. If you are Nor Connected 10 A Net work or Modem, THEN this option is automatically selected. AppleTalk: This is the prefered nerwork ype if you Are Connect- ing up all Macs. Communications Toolbox: his is mainly used for modew/senial play. MacTCP: This will allow you 10 play against other Macs or Win? 5 machines over a TCP/IP nerwork. If you have a PPP/SLIP connection to the internet, you caN also play over The inteRNer.

8

Playing Chaos Overlords Game Setup The Game Serup Screen can be broken up into three parts: scenario Selection Control Panel on the lefr side is The scenario Selection Control Panel. You choose which of the 10 different scenarios you wish 10 play. The lower four scenarios involve artaining the most of a specific something (cash, support, secrors on A combination of all three) ar the end of the predcrcmined rive livir. You can ser the time from 6 months (26 runs) 10 4 years (208 runs) for each of these four scenarios by using the four Time Limit burtons on the bortom of the scenario Selection Control Panel. The upper six scenarios each have specific goals thar must be obtained 10 win the game. These six Have No Time limits (and do nor use the Time Limit buttons) and will continue 10 RUN until the goal is attained by one of the Overlords or until you are eliminated. Each of the 10 scenarios requine different strategies 10 defeat them. A sinaregy thar works for Greed will nor work for Big May. Know your objective, adapr 10 the Sites/Gangs you are dealt and you will reign supreme. Here is a nuNdowN of he various scenarios: Timed scenarios Greed You must accumulate the most cash ar the end of the time limit 10 win. Your score Ipr/cash. Power You must control the most sectors ar the end of the time limit 1 win. Your score Ipr/sector currently controlled. Acceptance You must influence Sires 10 give you Support. The winen is the one with the most Suppor from influeNced secrons ar the end of the rime limit. Your score Ipr/Supporr pt. Nore thar some Sites will ive you a necative sup- port. If you influence those Sites, your score will be lowened Dominance Combines objectives of all 3 scenarios. Cask, sectors and Supporr are all counted toward the final score. Score is based on the time limir as fol- lows: 6 months: 1 cash Ipt 1 Support 1Opts 1 conrolled sector 3Opts year: 1 cash Ipr 1 Support 3Opts 1 controlled sector 100 prs 2 years: 1 cash Ipr 1 Support 75prs controlled sector 290prs A yeas: 1 cash Ip 1 Supporr 300prs controlled sector 1000prs Nore: To win, you musr have the highesr score ar the end of rhe rime linir. The scone is based on whar you curnenily own/possess. Ir is nor cumulative. For example, inv Power, if on turn you conrol 6 secrons, and on ruRN 6 you conrrol 7 sectors, your score is 7 or 1.

9

Objective scenarios Kill Em All Simple. Kill off all the over Chaos Overlords. Be the sole survivor. Big 40 The first Overlord 10 control 40 sectors wins. Eliminate Each player starts the game with one gang...1he Right Hands. Kill off all the other Overlord s Right Hands 10 win. If a player loses their Right Hands, thar player is our of the game. All of thar player s Gangs will van- ish and that fool's controlled seciors will become neutral. Siege Each of the six Overlords stants off in a conrnolled secon which is des- iquated as a sector of importance by the 1wo Gray polygons inside the sec- ror. To win, you must have all six of these special secrons under your CON- rrol ar the same tive. Big Man Locared in the cenrer of the city are four seciors of importance. You will Gain 1 point each turn for each special sector you control. Nore thar this is the only scenario where points are accumulated 10 your score. The first Overlord 10 accumulate 40 points wins. Armageddon The first Overlord 10 control all 64 sectors wins. Unfortunately, all the Overlords will starr with 500 cash and every single item fully researched. This ONE can Get Nasty. Game Sertings Panel Under the scenarios Panel is the Game Sertings Panel. This is where you ser the difficulty levels of the Chaos Overlords. The easiest is Goon (also 4 kwown as the Pansy Level). The normal level of play is Criminal. Crimelord is very hard, but very capable of being beaten. Play this level only if you ane kicking some senious neck on Criminal. Homicidal Maniac should Nor be played with only on Human player due 1o ir s extreme difficulty. You can also ser time limirs on the turns. Norwal game play has no time limits on ihe rues. You can ser the limir from 30 seconds 10 5 minutes. Serting time limits lrelps our on multi-player games because some players can rake for- ever 10 finish rhein Turn. A rime limir will cause these slowpokes 10 hurry up. Player Selection Panel ly the upper right side of the Game Serup Screen is the Player Selection Panel. Your mug will be lit and the other five are shown as shadowy eNe- mies. You can change your Overlord face by clicking on the two Green arrows located on the face (they look like Green ears). You can cycle through Numerous mugs unril you find ove you are happy with, You can change the Name by clicking on the Name under the face. You CAN USE Up 1o 10 characters in your Name (or you CAN leave it as The default Name -ive.Player 1). If you want to change your color, drag your face onto any of the other colors in the panel. IF you have friends who also want 10 play using the same computer, you can click upon the Add burton under the six faces. If you added 100 many human players or you realize thar you have no friends, then you can click on the Remove burron 10 revert the last human player added back 10 computer control. You can tke over your friend s color by dragging your face onto your friend s face. This will exchange colors. Nore thar the starting position is random No maTTER whar color you choose. Whew playing with multiple players on the same compuren, you will rake turns inpurting commands and hining. After the last player finishes his/her turn, the computer will process everyone s tuRn simultaneously. The first player s Turn does wor o before the orlier players. All human and com- purer playen s commands are dove ar the same time. Refer 10 The Inner Sanctum on page 44 19

10

OK, Ger Going Panel In the lower night side of the Game Serup Screen is the OK, Get Going Panel. All ir consists of is the Begin and Cancel burtons. Once all the information is chosen 10 your (and friends ) liking, you click on Begin to starr the Game. If you don t wish to start a New Game (and want 10 open saved Game or play a multi-player Game) then click on Cancel. and you will return 10 the Title Screen. WG 2 Lier / Controls Hire Located in rhe lower night corner of the main play screen are three pic- ures of Gangs thar you as AN Overlord can hire into your ARMY ON A particular turn. This is the Hire Screen. The number in GREEN REPRESENTS thein initial cost. Thar is how much cash must be spent in order 10 hire thar Gang. By double-clicking on the face of thar gang, a Gang Information panel will slide our 10 give you more information oN that GANG. in this panel is listed thein upkeep. This is the amount of cash deducted every Turw from your roral cash resenves 10 keep thar Gang UNdER your command, Numbers in red ARE costs on NeGAtive Numbers, whereas NUMbERS IN GREEN REPRESENT INCOME OR positive NUMbeRS. However, As mentioned above, tHe cost When hiring a GANG is SHOWN iN GREEN. To hire a Gang, simply click and drag the picture of one of the THREE GaNGs YOU WANE 10 A SECTOR yOU CONTRO! OR TO A SECTOR WhERE A Gang of yours is in. The Gang will show up in thar secror Next TURN and CAN be Given commands on thar turn. Their cost and upkeep are auromarically deduct ed. If you do nor have enough cash 10 afford a gang s initial cost, they won't be hired ad you will be advised abour ir Next TURN. The lirtle red X burrow under each Gang face is the fire burton. If you Are unhappy with all Three Gangs up for hire, you can fire one of the Gangs and another will fill its place next Tun. A new Gang will also replace Any Gang you decide 10 hire so there will always be three gangs available 10 hie. Each Overlord can command a maximum of 80 roral GANGS at ANY ONE TIME. Each sector can be occupied by six of your angs ar one time. The three Gang for hie will always be different from each orlier, but you can have multiple Gangs of the same Gang Type under your control.

11

Whew a gang is hined, they begin with a force ranging berween five and ine. You can Heal A GANG Up 10 TEN. Game Info Screen This small screen is located on top of the Main Panel Control. This screen displays Two sets of information. The rop ser shows the Name of the scenario currently being played. Under thar is the dare. The year starts as 2050.1 which means year 2050 week 1. Each turn lasts one week. IF the scenario has a time limit, the right of the dare will be a number which is the number of turns (weeks) lef to play thar scenario. Under the dare is the score. Each scenario has irs own scoring system based on the objectives. in Greed, the score will be equal To the number of cash hoarded. IN Power scenario, score is equal 10 the number of sectors you control, etc. At the end of a scenario (objectives reached or the time is up) the words scenario Name COMPLETED will be displayed under the score. This allows you to view any last Turn com- bar and events that occurred but you will Nor be able 10 enter anymore commands (the game is over aleeady). Hir Done 10 see The results. The borrom set shows cash first. This is the total amount of money held in your qreedy lirtle coffers. Keep an eye on cash when buying items and hin- ing gangs. Every Tur your roral cash will increase and decrease automar- ically depending on the gangs you hire, items you buy, Sites you influence, rc, Upkeep costs for all of your gangs will be deducted from your cash ar the beginning of every ren. Cash income from influenced Sites are added 10 your cash every TURN. For Every sector you conrrol, ove cash is also added 10 your 10 cash toral every Turn. If your cash roral eve Goes negative, the following happens: You will be unable 10 buy any equipment You will be unable 1o hire awy New qanqs (EXCEPT ANy GANG Thar has a zero initial cost). 18 You will be unable to execute Bribe and Snitch commands You'll be labeled a loser and everyone will laugli ar you (just joking, only some people will laugh ar you) Under Cash is all the information abour the sector you have curnently selecred (your blinking cursor is on in). Displayed ane Sector, Income, Tolerance, Cash, Support. Sector is the number ID of the Sector (A3,C5, erc.). Income is the social status of the people in thar sector. UP upper class, UM upper middle class, MI middle class, LM lower middle class, and LO lower class. The higher rhe class, the mone Money will be gained from Chaos in thar secror, but also the higher class, the lower the rolerayce. Cash is the amount of money you gain from thar s c- ror and any influenced Sites on thar sector. You gain ONE cash per TURN from A controlled sector whether or Nor you have any GANGS in Them. Avy influenced Sires in thar sector will incease/decrease Money in THAT secroR per turn (based on the Site: an Avena will give more cash per turn and Research Lab will cost you 2 cash per tury). Support is the amount of help the people in the sector will give you in resisting control artemprs from other Overlords. Support is Gained by influencing Sires thar are popular with the people like Temples and Hospitals. Game Info Button Located to the right of the Game Info Screen is a burton labeled Game Info. Clicking on this burton will slide our a panel with Game specific information. Listed will be the scenario type, the difficulry level of the computer players and a listing of each player, his/Her/its name and intel- ligence (Humav human player, Al compurer player). This panel will auromatically ope up arthe starr of any multi-player Game and at the starr of a saved game when it is opened. City View in the City view, you will see the entire map of the city you are fighting over. The city is divided into 64 sectors. The six Chaos Overlords each 19

12

stant off in one of six sectons on the map. Those six locations are THE same for all the scenanios but where each Overlord starts is random. Each Overlord will starr off with one sector under their control (see Commands:Conrrol on page 30). When ay Overlord controls 4 par- ricular sector, the color of thar sector will be thar of the controlling Overlord. When 4 sector is Gray, No one controls it. On the map you will see various icons in the sectors: small circle with a green middle your Ganq(s) are in thar sector small circle with a red middle your ganq(s) are in that sector and they detect enemy Gang(s) there also small cincle with a green/ned middle with a whire question mark as Above, except your Ganq(s) in thar sector Have Nor all BEEN Given come mands avy small cizcle with red marks on the circle you just hired a Gang into thar secror small circle with a black middle & red marks you hired a gang into your sector thar has wone of your Gangs in it, wo gray polygons sector of importance in thar particular see NARIO Flashing white box cursor Sector Selector. shows which sector you have chosen Site icons Locared on the lefr side of the sector, these indicate Sites you have influenced (see Sites on page 21) Click on any sector 10 select ir (rl flashing Sector Selector will move 10 thar sector). Double click 10 open 10 Sector view. Shorrcur: Use rhe annow keys 10 selecr sectors and hir Retunn 10 Go 10 Secror view. Crackdown Icon Cops in the sector. Warning; the cops will amiack all Gangs in this sector. 20 Sector View By double clicking of a sector in the City View, or by hirting rewen (the sector with the sector selection icon on it), a Sector view screen will replace the city. The Sector View Screen shows a blow up picture of rar particular secon and the rece Sites in thar sector (see Sites below) and the 9 square Mini-Map. Also, all of your Gancs in thar sector will be dis- played. If your gangs detect ANy ENEMy GANG in thar sector, the covmol- ling Overlord s face will be lit up on the Overlord Bar. Clicking on the Overlords face will display that Overlords gangs thar you can detect. To RETRN 10 the city view, click oN the Green arrow locared in the lower lefr of the Sector View screen. Gangs IF you have any gangs in thar sector you will see them here. You can dou- ble click on the Gang face 10 opeN the Gag Information panel for exact sats ON Thar Gang. You caN only look ar your own Gangs. The qaeen/red bar above each gang is its force bar. All green equals 10 force. If thar Gang Takes any damage, the Green car will Tun red. A Gang dies if thei force is reduced below 1. The Command Bar is locared under the Force Bar. You give commands 10 a Gang Here (see Commands on page 29). The three small boxes under the Gang face are thar Ganq s equipped items. The finst box is for weapons, the second is armor and The last is for mis- cellancous items. Double click on any item for the trem Information pawel for more information on thar item. You can also double click on items on enemy Gangs for information 100 (but nor on the Gang irself). Sites The 3 Sires are located 1o the borrom lefr of the screen. Double click on Site 10 bring up THe Sire Information panel. You can only influence Sites 21

13

in a controlled secror. You must influence Sires 10 gain their benefits. See Commands: Influence on page 31 and Sites on page 41. 9 Sector Display in The upper lefr is A 9 squane section of the City map. The middle sector is the sector you are currently displaying. Click on any AJACENT SECTOR in the 9 Secror Display 10 select and display thar secror. You can also use he arrow keys 10 move fitom sector 10 sector. The grid coordinates will Also be displayed here like in the City view. Overlord Bar Above the city map (on sector in the Sector View) is a saall bar thar shows all 6 Chios Overlords currently playing the scenario. To the right of exch ugly mug is the word Wait . Anytime you see thar Wait , ir means iar player kas Nor finished inputting their commands and has nor hit Dowe on the Main Panel Conrrol. If avy Overlord is eliminared, there will be only video snow where his/hen/its face was. Ir is always Good 10 see thar. Main Control Panel Located on The right side of the main play screen is the Main Control Panel. On ir are 7 buttons which control the nifty lire panels thar slide our of ir. The panels can also be accessed by orher means, but these are important so read on. If there is more information than can fir in A single panel, the nwo arrow burtons on the lefr side of the panel can be used 10 Toggle: berwcen all the different Events, Combars etc. Click on the arrows to switch on press the lefr/ziqht burtons on the keyboard 10 switch infor- mation. 22 Event Pressing this will bring our the Last Turn Events Panel. If you rake over A sector, fully influence a Site, complere Research ON AN iTEM, A SECTOR crackdown occurs, erc. then those events will be displayed in this panel. Ar the beginning of your Turn, the Last Turn Events will auromarically pop our if any events had occurred during your last turw (like controlling a sector on completing research on an item). If you close the Last Turn Events Pawel before viewing all the events, yellow light will blink on the Events burton. This pavel will nor appear if nothing of nore happened last Turn. Contlink This burton is broken up into 2 burrons (View and Send). The upper View burton brings up any messages the orlier Overlords have senr you (Chaos E-mail). You can send messages 10 the other Overlords by clicking on the lower Send burion. Type your message in the panel and click on the face(s) of the Overlords you wish 10 send THE message 10. You can send the same message 10 multiple Overlords by selecting their face. You Comlivk will store up 10 16 of the Most RECENT messages SENT 10 YoU, The burton will blink if you have nail from another Overlord. This panel will Nor opEN if you have No messages (unless you wanr 10 send one). This but- ron will only work in multi-player (human) Games Finance This burton is broken up into 2 buntons (City and Seeror). Clicking the upper City burton will bring up the City Financial panel. Listed on ir is breakdown of your projected cash flow for the ext TuRN Nore: Red Numbers mean whar you will pay, Gace wumbers is cash you will ears Gang Upkeep: This is how much your Gangs will cost you. New Recauirs: If you hize a gang, his cost will appear here. This will also show how many gangs thar will be under your employ (bar- Ring any deattis from combat). 23

14

Nore: you will have 10 also pay rhar gang's upkeep rhe Tur he is hived in. Eouipmenr: If you Equip a gang with an item, the cost will be reflected here. City Officials: This is the cost of all the Bribes your Gangs iniriare. Sector Tax: For each sector you control, you will gain 1 cash. Sire Protection: This is the roral cash squeezed our of all the influ- enced Sites in youR SECTORS. Chaos(Estimare): This shows how much you will make from all the Chaos your gang wreck upon the city. Since Cliaos is random, the number is a rough estimate of the projected Chaos. Cash Adjustment: This is the overall projecred cash flow (adding all the costs and qains Together). By clicking on the lower Sector but- Ton, a mini-reporr will show the Sector Finacial. This panel is the same as the City Financial, excepr thar the projected cash flow is tor only one sector (useful in determining if your average Chaos in thar sector is over the sector tolerance). Combar By far ihe most exjoyable panel 10 look ar. Ar the beginning of your ruRN, Combat panel (or Combar Resulis panel if Detailed Combat is turned off from the menu) will pop our if any of your Gangs smacked somebody on or smacked. The gangs on the left are your gangs and the right side qavgs are all the enemy Gangs. Combar is simuliancous. So if your Gang looks like he is being shor by 4 gang with a zero force don t panic; thar Gang is just getting his simultaneous shor in ar you. The Combat burton is broken up into 2 burtos (Summary and Derail). Clicking on the upper Summary burion will baing up a Combar Results panel (No animation). This shows your Gangs, per sector, involved in axy combar. ThE lefr side shows the sector and all your shucks in thar sector. The right side shows alll the enemy gangs in thar sector. IF More thar ONE enemy Overlord has Gangs in thar sector, just click on thar Overlord s face 10 bring up his boys. Your selecied Gang has a green box around him, On he right, any Gangs thar artacked thar selected gang will have a yellow box around them 24 and any Gangs arracked by your selected gang will have a red box around them. IF two gangs artacked each other, the enemy gang will have a red/yellow box around him. Clicking on the lower Derailed burion, you can bring up the Combar (animated) Panel and warch the animation. This will work even if you Turned off Derailed Combar in the menu. You can exit the derailed combar pavel while the animation is Running by clicking on the Cancel burton in the panel. This panel will nor open if No combat Took place ina sector you have Gangs in. Gangs This burron is broken up into 2 buttons (Sector and Hine). Clickine the upper Sector burn will bring our the Gang Information panel. Ir will show a star breakdown of all your gangs in the selected sector. This panel

15

will nor open if there ARE NO GANgs iN that sector. Clicking The lower Hire burion will bring our the Gangs for Hine panel. tr shows star info on your 3 gangs-for-hine in the Hine Screen. Ranking This burton brings up the Player Ravking panel. of ir the 6 Overlords ane on a ranking scale, The face highest on the scale is currently leading in the scoring. In scenarios like Eliminare, where there can be only one winner, the faces are all in the middle, and avyone eliminated will have his/henfirs face removed from the panel. Done The most important burton. When you have given all your gangs com- mands, ined/fined gangs erc., hit this burton. THe GAME CANNOT MOVE ON until you click here, The Game will warw you if you hir Done and you did Nor give all your gaxgs commands (unless Waan if Idle Gangs is turned off). If the Done burron is blinking, then the previous ren was the last run and Now you are just Given the opportunity 10 look ar the resulis of the last turn commands. Just click the Done burton 10 go 10 the Endgame Screen. Issuing Commands Issuing commands is The most important aspect of Chaos Overlords. Read this and Commands! You stant the game with a Rigltt Hands in your one controlled Sector. On your finsr 1uns you caN Give A command To your Right Hands. Commands ARE the ORdERS YOU GIVE TO A GANG 10 Tell Them 10 do something. As you hire more Gangs, commands CaN be Given 10 them as well. Every Gang you control can execute A single command per turn, You may choose Nor 10 give any commands 10 a particular Gang, but its more efficient 10 have Them do something other than sap your cash wiih their exonmous upkeep costs. There ane MANy ways To issue A command 0 A GANG. You must be in the Sector view 10 give commands 10 A GANG. ON Top of exch of your Gangs is a black bar with a single queen arrow pointing down on the lefr axd double Green anow ON THE right side. This is the Command Bar. Click nd drag down on the single Green arrow on the Command Bar 10 choose command from the list. Once chosen, thie name of the command will replace the GREEN annow iN tHiar Gang s Command Bar. Thar gang will exe- cute thar command for one turn. If you wish To change a command, siv- ply choose another one and ir will replace the old command with yew One. Sometimes YOU WANT A GANG TO CARRY OUT A command thar will Take MoRE THAN ONE TURN 10 complete, like Heal on Influence. To have a Gang do a command forever (or until dove), choose the command from the double green arrow. You will have 4 smaller list of commands. These commands can be performed continuously or until liar particular 1ask is done. You can choose 10 stop the continuous command by choosing a regular come mand. Commands are Nor carried our until you hit the Done burton on the Main Panel Control. 27

16

When you have mutiple qancs in a Secron, you on issue cang commands. A Gang Command Bar will appear oven the rop nuo gangs in A SECTOR when Two on moRE of YOUR GANG are in A secTOR. When a command is cho- sen from the Gang Command Ban, it will issue the command 10 all of your Gangs in thar secon. Axy gangs which fiad commands From befone will Change 10 the New command issued through the Gang Conmand Bar. OF course you CAN CHANGE A Gang s command individually ae thar. You can Also issue continuous cANG commands by issuing the command from the double GneeN arnow. YOU CANNOT Give commands To enemy Gangs andl You vill nor be able 10 see whar commands an eneny GANG is executing. You will know if your Gangs are artacked by aN enemy qanc, but only after being spanked by them. 28 Commands These are The commands thar you May GiVE YOUR GANGS: Arrack... This allows your Gang 10 artack AN ENEMY GANG Foolish ENoUGh 10 TRESPASS onto your 1uaf, You can only isu this command if tHene ARE ENEMY GANGS in thar sector you can detect. Select ATIack 10 OpEN the Target Acquisition panel. Click on THe enemy Gang 10 be antacked. A ranger will appear of Thar gang's ucly face. You can change rangers any number of tives uni you hit Done, Whex ariacking 4 gang, the defender always cers a revalit- Tory attack on the aracken (at 1/2 combar strength). IF ihe aracker hs Mantial Aras (see Martial Arts on pace 4), is unarmed, and is artack ing a gang with no Martial Arts (on has the skill but fs armed) the shee is no netaliarony arrack (she Manrial Artist gers a free hit). Martial Artists will ger retaliatory amtacks against other Martial Amtsts. Also, any Ave shar Hides has no reraliarony arvack if found and assalied Note: All combar is simulianeous. Bribe Bribing the local ciry officials allows mone crime and ananchy to occu iN thar sector. It costs 3 cash To Temporarily imprave A secton s TolERANCE: Tolerance will neturw 10 its original level ar the rare of one point peR TURN For example, Sector A2 has a tolerance of 14. You bribe ir 10 increase i110 17. On the 1uaw following it will drop down to 16 (and keep deop- ping until it reaches 14). Nore that Sires permanently incrense/decneast tolerance as long as they remain fully influenced. Chaos Basic command in the game. A Gang will CREATE ANAnchy iN A GIVEN SECTOR in onder 10 INCREASE yoUR cash. IF100 much chaos occurs iN a secTOR, HEN ihe secror will be Busted (wo cash from chaos will be qaived thar TURN iN shar secror..see Crackdown on page 42). If you chaos in a sector Not 29

17

under your conirol, you will gain only 1/2 the cash, but your chaos will count as full toward thar sector's crackdown. The higher the tolerance, the less likely a crackdown will occur. The higher the secror s class, the higher the chaos (see Math of rhe Game on page 48). Using 2 or more GANGS 10 chaos in a SECTOR is Nor 100 advisable Unless you use a lor of Bribing on the sector Has a high tolerance Note: tr is almost impossible 10 win without using Chaos (hence ihe name Chaos Overlords). Control Arrempr to control a sector, The more Gangs ArTEMpting 10 control a sec- Tor, The easier ir is 10 control. You Need 10 control A SECTOR iN ORdER 10 influence Sites. IF you have Gangs in a controlled sector, they will help AGAINST ENEMY ATTEMprs TO wrest ConrROL of your sector from you. Eouip... Buy ayy equipment for har gang. You have 10 Research most of the equipment before you can Equip them. Equipping an item will decrease your cash by rhe irem s cost. Select this command 10 open the Eouipment 10 Purchase panel. Select the ryp of item (melee weapon, ranged weapon, armor, on wtiscellaneous). A list of items available 10 purchase for thar particular gang will show. Click on item 10 purchase then hit the OK but- ron. If you double click on the item, the Iiem Information panel will pop our and show all the mods of rar particulan item. The performance of ceR- ain gangs will qaeaily benefit some equipment (always Give A GUN 10 Snipers). If a Gang is killed, all of its equipment will be gove forever. Give... A gang will Give another one of your gavgs his equipment. Select this command 10 open the Equipment 10 Give panel. Click on the item 10 give and then select GANG 10 Give the item 10. One GaNG CAN only Give items To one other Gang but he can give all 3 items 10 that gang if le wants 10. Nore: a gang's rech level will derenwive wherhien on Nor a Gang can use a paaticular piece of equipuent. 30 If the tech level of the irem is 100 high for the Gang you want To Give To, thar gang will be dimmed our when you select thar irem. You will be unable To GIVE A GANG AN item if his tech level is 100 low To use it, If GaNG A Gives gang B equipment, you can Have Gang B perform ayy command you WANT. IF Gang A Gives an item 10 GANG B, any similar item already equipped by GANG B will be los. You can have gang A and gang B give each orher items (swapping). Heal The performance of a Gang depends a lor on how Healthy ir is. Heal will have thar GANG REST 10 REGAIN Any lost force. The maximum force is ren; you cannot Heal any GANG Above Ten force. A healthy qaxq will perform much better in actions like combar and chaos. Any Gangs with a large Neqr ative Heal will be almost impossible regain force. Try 10 move thar Gang 10 a sector with a conmolled Hospital or equip thar gang wirk ines thar increase their Heal skill, Hide Arrempts 10 hide a gang from arack. If thar gang is artacked, there is a chance that your gang will elude the arrack altogether. Any hiding Gang does nor count roward control of a sector and will wor get any Retaliato- ry arack if successfully artacked. Also a ang hiding in a controlled sec- ror will Nor count Toward resisting Any Attempts of control initiated by enemy Gangs. Hiding has no effect on whether your gang is derecred or Influence... Intimidation and quile is whar your gang Needs 10 iy 10 coeRce A Site iN your cowrrolled sector 10 come under your influence. Any influenced Sire will benefit (or hinder) your Gane in thar secton (see Sites on page 41) as well as affecr the entine sector itself. You need 10 influence certain Sires in orden 10 win certain scenarios. Influencing Sites is also aN imporraNt factor in Winning most GAMES. Shorrcur: You can also drag the gangs face onto 4 Sire 10 have thar Gang influence thar Site until ir is fully influenced, 31

18

Dov t be squeamish about muscling in a few important Sites. Some Sites can make on break a Game. Many provide cash each turn wirhour you hav ing 10 do anything. Move... Moves GANG 10 aN adjacent sector. You select the sector 10 move 10 by clicking on ir. AN arrow will appear showing the direction of the move. Click OK after you select the sector. Shomcur: From the secron view, daag the Gang 10 A s cIOR oN The 9 sector display. The destination secrow will flash, and the Gang will be Given the command 10 move vere. Research. Research ayy items you caynot currently equip. Successful research will pur thar item into the list of items able 10 be Equipped. Select 10 bring up the Equipment To Research panel. Select rype of item 10 kesearch. The NUMER iN THE ReseARch panel NEXT 10 AN iTEM REPRESENTS The AMOUNT of research needed to successfully research the irem. When thar number neaches zero, The item is researched. You need 10 research in conrrelled sectors with influenced Science Centers or Research Labs in order 10 research the high tech irews. Nore: Some of you eophiyres mighr rhivk reseanching is A waste of rime, until you find your Crap Pukes holding a Combar Pisiol staring down Snipers wih Rocker Launchers. Sell... Sells any on all items owned by A gang. When you sell an ine, you receive half of the original price (this does Nor include discounts from factories) rounded down. Select Sell... and ir will open the Eouipment 1o Sell pavel. To select an irem 10 sell, you simply click on the item. Clicking on the item toggles the highlight of the irem. Any items thar are highlighted will be sold when you click the OK burton. Snitch Informs police of illegal activity in the sector. The exact opposite of Bribe excepr thar Snitching is free. This reduces the Tolerance of the secror by 3, thereby increasing the chance of a Crackdown (see Crackdown on pace 42). 33

19

None This command will clear any command already Given 10 that Gang and RESET the Command Bar 10 The GREEN ARROW. Terminate Removes Gang from play. All items possessed by the Gang Are Also removed from play. 34 Gangs Information Force The overall status of the gang. The higher the force, the berrer the Gang is feeling, The force ranges from zenro (dead) 10 ren (perfect). When the force reaches 2en0, the Gang is eliminated. Upkeep The cash payment you must make 10 The Gang each TURN. Tech Level The understanding of technology. This number ranges from 2eR0 10 TEN. A GANG CANNOT EQUIP OR RESEARCH items with A tech level GrearER Thay rhein own. There is No way 10 increase the Tech level of a Gang. Statistics Combat The abiliry 10 inflicr damage upon an opponent. This value usually incneas- es by equipping the Gang with a weapon. Defense The abiliry 10 absorb damage and nor get hunt. This value is increased by Eouipping the Gang with armon. Stealth The ability 10 Go underecred in a sector. Mosr heavy armors will wipe our any stealth a gang Has. IF the enemy Gangs are unable To detect your GANG, they cannot artack YouR GANG. 35

20

Derect The abiliry 10 derect inrmuders in your sector. IF your Gangs are uNAble 10 detect a Gang in thar secion, that Gang will nor be shown To you in the Game. The more Gangs in A sector, the qrearer the chance of detection. If One of YOUR GANGS CAN SEE AN ENEMY GANG, All YOUR GANGS iN ThaT secToR can artack them. Command Skills A ang with high command skills will be more efficient in performing the relevant commands than Those gangs with little on wegarive command skills. A gang thar dors possess a neqative skill can skill perform thar command but will nor be very effective on may fail, Chaos The ability to extract caslt our of a secror s populous via anarchistic activ- ities. Control The ability to qain control of a sector and also the ability 10 protect a controlled sector from being taken over by enemy Gangs. Heal The ability to recover force. A GANG cAN heal up 10 a maximum force of Ten. Influ The ability 10 persuade A Site in your controlled sector 10 cooperate with you. Research The ability 10 research items. A Gang can only research items of a tech level equal 10 or less than their own. Withour any controlled Science 36 Center on Research Lab Sites, a gang may only neseanch up 10 tech level 5 (even if their vech level is Greater than 5). Combar Skills There are 5 otlier overlords competing for the same scratch of city you are. Your Gangs will eventually Have 10 fight for what is yours. Combar skills dinecily add 10 a gangs combar rating when the appropriate weapon is equipped. Caretul inspection of a gang s Combat skills will enable you 10 Quip your Gang effectively. All combar skills are cumulative. For example, if a gang with a2 Sirength and 4 Blade skill equips a Blade weapon, they will ger both bonuses (2 4) toward combar in addition 10 the weapon's combat bonus. Strength Overall physical strength of a gang. Strength adds to Combar with bare hands (Wo weapon) or any Melee or Blade weapon. Blade Combat adds with all Blade weapons. Range Combar adds with all Ranged weapons. Fighting Combat adds only with bare hands. M Arts Martial Arts. Combar adds only for bare Hands. If a gang with Martial Arts artacks with bare hands, they will or take any retaliatory damage unless they artack another Martial Artist with bare hands. 37

21

Items Thene are few gang (like the monk Orders) thar are qood our of the box : meaning they are effective withour any items. Most gang will need 0 EOvIp items for you 10 rauly Gain the benefits thar thein higher upkeeps WARRANT. Type Gangs can only equip one item from exch of the following three catagories: Weapons: Broken into 3 sub-classes, Melee, Blade and Ranged. For ame purposes, there is No advantage 10 having a Melee, Blade on Ranged weapon excepr thar some gangs ARE more effective with one Type over the other. Armor: The main function of Armor is to prorect your Gangs by improving their defense. Big armons will rend 10 prevent damage from small gangs. Miscellaneous: Everything Nor A WEAPON or AN armor (Medical Kir, Scanners, Smoke Bombs, ec.) Information Cost All ines cost Money 10 obtain. Researching items makes them available 10 purchase. Generally the more expensive an item is, the more beneficial ir is. Tech Level All weapons Have a tech level. A Gang can only equip an item if their tech level is equal to on Greater Than Thar of the item. The 1ech level of a gang (on AN item is immutable... it CAN Never CHANGE. Statistics/Skill Mods Whew a GANG equips An item, it can modify any star or skill of thar Gang. Weapons will inprove combar (unless a GANG Has Negative combar skills for thar weapon). Armor will improve a gangs defense. Miscellaneous irews 39

22

send to modify 4 qneat range of siats and skills. All star and skill wods ane Ccomplative, IF A weapon gives 1 10 chins, and aw armor gives 1 chaos nd a miscellancous irem Give 3 CHAOS, EQUippiNg All 3 inems will ive Har Gang, 5 10 chaos. Nore thar some irews will Give negative modifiers. For ample, biG, Heavy armors Tend 10 cive cANgs 8 huge penalty 10 their stealth star, making them walking (Hard 10 Kill) rangers Sites Each sector on the map contains three different Sites of importance. A sector must be controlled before any Sires can be influenced (see Influence Command). Avy fully influenced Site will affect all of the con- irollen s gangs in thar secior as well as The sector irself. Orher Gangs belonging, 10 other Overlords will glean no benelir from these Sires. When a Site is influenced, the City view will show thar Site s icon on the sector it was influenced in. Only your influenced Sires will be revealed 10 you. You CANNOT seE if AN OppoNeNT has influENced Sires in his/her sector, Data Resistance AIL Sires have a resistance level. The higher the number, the more difficult it will be 10 influence thar Site. Ir also is a baromerer to determine how much benefir thar Sire will have To thar sector and your Gangs. AS GANGS influence a Sire, the resistance will fall. When resistance is zero, the Site is influenced. Nore: If you lose conrrol of a sector with influenced Sites, all Sires in thar secror will revert 10 thein maximum RESISTANCE, Sector Modifiers Influenced Sires can affect rhe stats of the sector thar Sire is in. Tolerance Tolerance is the level of Chaos will can occur in A seCTOR EAC bowen. If Tolerance is oxceeded in a turn by Chaos, the sector will Crackdown (see 4

23

Crackdown below). A Site can increase tolerance (promore chaos) oR decrease rolerance (curb chaos). Support Certain Sires ane looked upon very favorably by the people. These Sires will improve Support. Having A positive support will make ir harder for rival Overlords 10 take control of thar sector. Also in the Acceptance scenario, the object is 10 gaRner the highest toral support at the end of she time lint, Cash Some Sites house profirable businesses. Influeyce of these Sires provide a steady income every TuRN. A couple of Sites have a Nequrive cash flow, so you Have 10 pay MONEY EVERY TuRY To openare the Site. Influencing few high cash Sires is A Good way 10 finance your war machine. Statistics/SkilL Mods Like inems, avy influenced Site will add mods 10 4 gang's statistics and/or skills, A fully influenced Sire will affect all of your Gangs in thar sector only, For example, a Hospiral will give big bonus 10 all Heal skills of your gangs in thar secron. IF you buy irews in a secror with an influenced Factory, the item will cosr less. Once a gang moves our of thar sector, He will Lose any bonus from those Sites. Nore thar if you lose contol of sector thar has fully influenced Sites, you lose all the Sires 100. Crackdown When the Chaos in a sector exceeds the Tolerance, a Crackdown will occur in thar sector, A Crackdown in a sector will cause No money will be gained from any Chaos activity in that secror. If thee Crackdowns occur in a sector in a five Tuan period, the controlling Overlord will lose 42 control of the sector and control will revert 10 neutral status. The Cops will appear in thar sector and procerd 10 clean house . The Cop icon will appear in thar secror and you will be able 10 see it even if you have yo Gangs in Thar sector. Cybervetic monsters, these Cops will armack every Gang in the Crackdown sector tliey can find from 5 10 5 runs, They use armored cars with Pulse Cannons and caynor be rangeted for artack and cannot be killed. No GANG CAN artempr To Re-conrrol thar sector until the Cops are gone. The higher a ganq s Srealik, the berrer the chawce ir has of avoiding a Cop's wrath. Hiding a gang will increase irs chance of avoiding arrack but does nor Guarantee it. IF your Gangs Crackdown the sector while the Cops are there, the Cops will stay even longer 43

24

The Inner Sanctum This section is for the people thar like 10 have thar extra edge when play- ing. To be able To kick some serious neck in this game, ir is useful 10 know the information in this area, IF you ARE A GOON Thar just WANtS 10 TinkER around with the game, you caN skip this section. The Structure OF A Turn A quan is divided into five phases. These phases rake place sequentially, in the order civen. The Command phase is where you will spend most of your Game time. The other foun phases happen instantaneously. Here is aN explanation of the phases: Upkeep You an required 10 pay upkeep on all of your gangs. You also collecr ayy taxes owed 10 you by sectors on Sites. Command Phase This phase is where you give commands 10 your Gangs. Execution Phase All commands Given To your Gangs are performed in this phase. See Command Sequence for more information. Hire Phase If you chose 10 hire a gang this Turn, ir is brought into play. If you removed one, ir is replaced with a new one. Player Elimination Phase Any player withour ar least one sector on Gang is eliminated from the game. Also , in certain scenarios, you CaN be eliminated in other ways. a4 Command Sequence The commands given 10 your Gangs A divided into 6 phases. Each phase is executed for all players simulrancously. Hene is a listing of the phases and the commands executed within them: Instant Phase Bribe, Heal, Hide, Influence, Research, Snitch Combar Phase Arrack Transaction Phase Equip, Give, Sell Chaos Phase Chaos Movement Phase Move, Terminate Control Phase Control Designen Nous: The Give, Equip and Sell all occur after Arack. AF rhe transacting ang is killed, avy items iwolved will be lost. Chaos occurs alter Give, Equip and Sell so you will be able 10 do rhese irem mansactions before Crackdown (if ir occurs). By looking ar rhe riming, you can figure our siearegies 10 1ke adviwrace of ir (you can have one Gang Give an inem 10 another Gang thar is moving our of the secror on 10 stop someone from conrrolling A sector you can smack him around 10 make hin a weaker covreollen). AD

25

Endgame Screen After a scenario is finished (and you are Not eliminated) you will see the Endgame Screen. The Overlords pictures ane posted on the lefr in onder of place (Ist place on 10p, lasr place on the borrom). There are Two sets of information available 10 view. Awards Various awards will be given 10 the different Overlords based on thein performance in the game. These awards have No impact On who wins or loses but it Gives you a little idea of the way each Overlord played. Skull This is awarded 10 the Overlord whose gaxgs did the most roral damage in combat. Fist This is the Given 10. the Overlord with the most Overthrows. AN Overthrow occurs when you take control of a sector directly from anotl- ex Overlord. Dollar Sign This is bequearlied upow the Overlord who spent the most cash during the came. Sate This is bestowed upon the Overlord who spent the least amount of cash duning the game. Big Fat Chicken This is slapped on the Overlord who did the most Hiding during the game. 46 IF No significant combar/hiding occurs, then No awards for those care- ories will be Given ar all. Stats These are the exact numbers of the Game. Cash Earned The toral amount of cash gained during the Game. Cash Spent The roral amount of cash spent during the Game Damage Inflicred The toral number of damage points all of your gangs inflicted against your Opponenr s Gangs during aw attack, Note: damage from a retaliatory arrack is nor added 10 this roral. Casualties The number of gangs under your control thar died. Overthrows The number of sectors your gangs siole control of from avother Overlord. Hiring the Done burton on the Endgame Screen will return you 10 the Title Screen. 47

26

The Math of the Game Dice Unless stared, all wumbers are in terms of 6-sided dice. Whenever a roll is needed (like Chaos), the roral number of dice rolled. A 5 , or 6 rolled is a success. i.. if Chaos roral di would be 5. is 15, the average success Sector Base Tolerance and Chaos/control Base is based on the social class of the sector as follows: SECTOR CLASS code income rolerance(base) Lower lo 3 14 Lower Middle LM 4 13 Middle MOS 12 Upper Middle UM 6 MW Upper up 7 10 IF chaos in a secror is GREATER THAN The sector's tolerance, then crackdown occurs. tolerance changes with the influence of Sites and by Bribe and Snitch commands. Income of a sector is the number of dice added 10 the toral chaos roll in a sector (see Chaos on page 49). Income is the con- trol needed 10 control a sector. Heal Restore a gang s FORCE. 4d6 HEAL skill. each success 1 FORCE. Maximum FORCE a cang can have is 10. Because FORCE is so prevalent in many of the commands you do, ir is important 10 keep your Gangs healrhy 10 make them more effective. 48 Research Gain. research points (cumulative toward 1 item). Roll FORCE RESEARCH skill. Each item has a research number. Eacl success ON A Research roll is subtracted from thar irem. Once an item s Research NuM- ber reaches zero, you CAN purchase thar item. Success ON Research is only on a 6 rather than 5 on 6 , Since only Science Centers and Research Labs will allow you to research big ticker items, it is important To pRoTEct your researchers and the sector they are in. It is advisable to equip your researchers with the items they researched to prorect them from harass- ing ENEMy GANGS. Chaos Sap territory for money: Chaos Roll toral (FORCE CHAOS skill) of all your Gangs Chaos-ing sector Income. Each success will bring 1 cash 10 you. If Chaos in a Non-controlled sec- Tor, cash on a success is only 1/2 cash, but full success is counted toward crackdown. IF roral Cliaos success of all your gangs and all enemy gangs Chaos-ing rernirory Tolerance, then Crackdown occurs. Influence Tay 10 coerce A Site in A controlled sector. Influence Roll roral (FORCE INFLUENCE skill) of all your gangs influencing Each Site has a Resistance. Each success subrracts one from thar Sire s Resistance number, When the Resistance zero, thar Site is Influenced and under your control. IF a Site has a positive Support, it helps thar 49

27

sector from being controlled by other Overlord gangs. If control of that sector is lost, all influenced Sites in that sector is also losr. If you regain control of thar sector, all the Sires in thar secror will have full Resistance AGAIN. Control Aniempr 10 control a SECTOR. Control of neural sector toral (FORCE CONTROL skill) of all your gangs controlling - sector Income. Control of enemy sector 1oral (FORCE CONTROL skill) of all your Gangs controlling - sector Income - roral (FORCE CONTROL skill) of all controlling enemy Gangs in thar sector that are Not Hiding - roral Supporr of all influence Sires in thar Sector. No dice roll. If number is positive, contnol is established. If number is Negative, No control, IF Number is zeRo, theRe is a 50 chance of con- trol of thar sector. If multiple enemy Gangs try 10 CONTROL A NEUTRAL seC- on on the same Turd, the Overlord with the highest Number will conrmol the sector. Bribe Increases tolerance of a sector by 3 for 3 cash. Max. 40 base rolerance Nore: A base tolerance can be 40 on Q if there are influence Sires in Thar sector, A sector with a Neqative tolerance will auromarically Bust even if no one is Chaosing in thar sector, A sectors tolerance will increase/decrease back 10 its oniginal sector tolerance (modified by Sites) by one each Turw if ir is Kigher/lower than Normal. 50 Snitch Decreases tolerance of a secror by 3. Min. O base tolerance. (see Bribe) Nore: Swisching is free. Take advanrage of thar fact 10 weaken and Crackdown enemy secrors. Don r worry, they will be doing the same thing 70 you 100. Combat Artacking Gangs et an Arrack Roll against AN ENEMY GANG. Amrack Roll Gang s Combar - Defenders Defense. Gang s Combar Combar star all irem mods appropriate mod skills like Strength, Ranged, MA, ere. Defenders Defense Artacked gang s Defense star all item Defense mods. IF arvack roll is positive, then that is Number of dice rolled. Each success 1 damage inflicted on ranger gang (Force ors down by ove). Defending Gangs ger a Reraliarony Artack Roll against the artacking can. Revense armacken & defender. Same as Arrack roll but number is then alved (wound up?2). nore: Aniacking Gang which uses MA (narial anrs) will vor suffer a Retalixory Amick unless the Defender also uses MA. Hiding Chance for being hir while hiding are as follows: If the amackens detect is equal 10 the defenden s stealthy, there is a 30 chance of being hir while hidden. This is adjusted by 5 for exch point of difference. Nore thar your Gang detect increases when you have mul- a1

28

riple gangs in the sector, but the gang's individual detect will be used when determining if he can hit a hidden gang. (see Srealrh/Derect below). Stealth/Derect IF a Ganq s Detect is an enemy s Stealth, you will be able 10 see the olter in the same sector. Mulriple gangs in a sector greatly improves your ability 10 derecr other gangs. Take the gang with the highest Detect. Add 10 ir for each orer Gang as follows: Gang Deecr 0-10 add 1 1-12 add 2 13-14 add 3 15-16 add 4 17-18 add 5 19 add 6 Crackdown The Cops will arvack all gags in that sector ar 20 Combar. They may nor see the Gang depending on thein stealth. Stealth 3 or less 100 of getting spanked by the Cops. For ever stealth above 3, their chance of finding you will be decrease by 59 . So a 23 stealth will make you undetectable 10 the Cops. If you arempr 10 Hide, the Cops will artack with a Devect of 12. 52 Playing A Multi-Player Game Serting Up A Multi-Player Game To play a mulri-player Game, the players must decide who will be the host and whar prorocol will be used (the lost should be on the fastest machine possible). All other players will be connecting 10 the host as nodes. When The host player is selected, he must enter Chaos Overlords ard begin specifying all of the information abour rhe Game (scenario, difficulty level, runw rime limit, e1c.). After the host process, all of the nodes CAN CONNECT. When the node players connect, they will be given a face and a color. They can change their face and name, but ror thein color, When exch node has their information entered, they shiould click the Beqin button 10 signify thar they are ready. After all node players are ready, the host must then click Begin to starr the Game (the listing player cannor click Begin uvril afrer all node player have done so). You will now be playing. Selecting A Multi-Player Protocol For Windows 99 WinSock Allows you to play over the internet on A Nenwork using TCP/IP. For the internet, you must first login 10 your internet provider, so thar you CAN be assigned aN IP addaess (you only need 10 know your IP address if you are the Host) Modem Allows you 10 play through a modem connection. The Host automatically waits for the slave To connect. When Joining, wake sure your dialing properties are ser correctly, enter tHe phone number, then click Dial Direct Connect Allows you 10 play through a serial connection. When Hosting and Joining, select and configure the Com Port you are using 10 CONNECT, THEN 3

29

wait for bork computers To establish the Connection. For Macintosh Appliralk Allows you 10 play over an Appleralk network. Comm Toolbox Allows you 10 play through a modem on serial connection using the Apple Modem on Serial Tools, respectively. Apple Modem Confiquae your port settings, and if Joining, enter the phone Number of the Host, then click OK. Serial Configure your porr serrings, then click OK. MacTCP Allows you 10 play over the Inrerner. You must first login 10 your inten- net provider, so thar you can be assigned an IP address (you only need To know your IP address if you are the Host). Nore: Windows 95 and Maciviosl are compatible rhrough modem and serial con- ections using the approprisre protocols. Nerwork comparibiliy benveew Windows 95 and Macivrosh is available only through TCPAP (WinSock and MacTCP). Locating your IP Address You ca locare your IP addaess immediately after you have connected 10 youn internet provider. For Windows 95 Under the Starr menu go 10 Sertings 10 open the Conirol Panel. Open Nenwork by doule-clicking on the Nerwork icon. Double-click on TCP/IP under the Confiquration tab 10 view the TCP/IP Properties. You can locate the current IP address under the IP Address tab. 54 For Macintosh Under the Apple menu Go 10 Control Panels. Open MacICP. You can locate the current IP address within this window. Hosting A Multi-Player Game After specifying the correct multi-player protocol from the Comm menu, select Host Game... from the file menu. Some protocols will need addi- tional information about the hast CONNECTION. If you selected WinSock, you will be given a choice of oe on mone IP addresses. Choose which IP address you wish 10 Host of. As the Host, you need 10 provide the IP address 10 the orker players. You can do this by sending them email. You will the be taken 10 the host screen where you will be able 10 select the scenario you wish 10 play. You can also enrer your player nawe and change the face. You should also make sure of the difficulry serring (see Game Serrings Panel on page 14). After all players are ready, you can hit the Begin burton. A hilighted player face means the player is ready. Joi ig A Multi-Player Game After specifying the correct multi-player prorocol from the Comm menu, select Join Game... from the File menu. You will veed 1 specify infor- mation abour the host. If you selected WinSock or MacICP, you must manually enier the IP address you have been provided with by the Host. More than likily the Host will do this via email If all of the information you entered about the host was CORRECI, A CON- nol panel will appear allowing you To enter your player name And change The face. Hit the Begin burion when you are ready. After all playens hit Begin, the Game will starr. 55

30

REACHING NEW WORLD COMPUTING CUSTOMER SUPPORT Customer Support by Voice You may call New World Compuring's Technical/Customer Support line ar (818) 889- 5650 from 9an-Noon and from 2pm-5pm (PST). America Online You can E-uail Custower Support ar NewWorldCo, fo reach our Customer Support board in the Indusray Connection, use Go 10" and ryp New World, in addition 10 eead- ing and posting messages, you can download files from the New World Sofware Library. For membership intonmarion and A free stanrex kit, you can call Amica Online roll-fnee at 1 (800) 827-6364. CompuServe To neach oun Customer Support board in the Game Publishers Forum, use Go 10" and type GAMEDPUB . Then selecr New World Computing. in addition 10 reading and posting messages, you cav dounload fies from the Library Files. To each our Custowen Senvice depariment by E-mail, oun adduess is 76004-3610. Fon membership inforwa- Tion and a free starrer kit, you can call CompuSeave roll-free ar 1 (800) 848-8199 And ask for representative 368 which includes an ixinoductony membership and a 15 usage credit. GEnie You can E-mail Customer Support ar NEW.WORLD". To reach our Customer Support board in the Games RoundTable, Scorpia RT, type M809; 1 at any ? prompt. Then select New World Compuring. In addition 10 reading and posting messages, YOu CaN download files from the Games Rouxdlable Libraries. For membership information, you can call GEnie toll-free at 1 (800) 638-9656. New World Computing BBS New World Computing s BBS cay support 1200/2400/9600/14400/28800 baud ates with a modem senting of 8,N, 1. It is operational 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. You will be able 10 Find files for downloading and Customer Support on this system. Call 1 (818) 889-5684 10 connect. No membenship is needed and the only cost is any Long listayce changes thar you May INCUR 76



# Appendices

## Gangs

| Name | Hiring | Upkeep | Combat | Defense | Tech | Stealth | Detect | Chaos | Control | Heal | Influence | Research | Strength | Blade | Ranged | Fighting | Martial Arts |
|------|--------|--------|--------|---------|------|---------|--------|-------|---------|------|-----------|----------|----------|-------|--------|----------|--------------|
| Abominators | 6 | 3 | 5 | 6 | 4 | 2 | 7 | -2 | -2 | 4 | 2 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Angels Of Arcadia | 11 | 6 | 6 | 7 | 9 | 7 | 10 | 3 | 5 | 5 | 3 | 1 | 4 | 0 | -9 | -5 | 0 |
| Anti-templists | 5 | 3 | 2 | 3 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 |
| Architecs Guild | 8 | 5 | 2 | 3 | 9 | 7 | 8 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 9 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Azure Order | 8 | 4 | 0 | 10 | 0 | 10 | 10 | 1 | 1 | 3 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 11 | 0 |
| Bad Artists | 6 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 10 | 5 | 3 | 1 | 0 | 1 | -5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Bankers | 11 | -1 | -2 | 1 | 4 | 10 | 10 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Bicycle Messengers | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 2 | 7 | 10 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Blood Order | 11 | 6 | 0 | 13 | 0 | 9 | 11 | 3 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 12 |
| Bounty Hunters | 8 | 5 | 3 | 4 | 8 | 8 | 13 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 2 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 |
| Brothers Of The Blade | 7 | 3 | 1 | 5 | 8 | 8 | 8 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 7 | -3 | 0 | 0 |
| Chain Gang | 3 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 5 | 6 | 6 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 3 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Computer Hackers | 15 | -2 | -1 | 0 | 8 | 9 | 14 | 4 | 1 | 0 | 2 | 3 | -2 | -1 | -1 | -1 | 0 |
| Corporate Raiders | 7 | 5 | 0 | 1 | 9 | 8 | 8 | 5 | 5 | 0 | 6 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Crap Pukes | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 3 | 7 | 7 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Crimson Dragons | 7 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 9 | 8 | 2 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 2 | 0 |
| Cybersharks | 5 | 3 | 3 | 5 | 6 | 5 | 8 | 3 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Deer Hunters | 2 | 1 | 2 | 2 | 4 | 8 | 9 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| Devil Riders | 4 | 3 | 2 | 4 | 6 | 6 | 8 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 | 1 | 0 |
| Disco Freaks | 3 | 1 | 1 | 3 | 4 | 3 | 9 | 1 | 0 | 1 | -5 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 |
| Dog Boys | 2 | 1 | 3 | 1 | 3 | 6 | 10 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 |
| Dominatrix Clique | 3 | 1 | 2 | 5 | 2 | 3 | 9 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 4 | -4 | -3 | -3 | 0 |
| Doomsday Cult | 6 | 3 | 1 | 3 | 6 | 9 | 9 | 3 | 3 | 1 | 3 | 2 | -1 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| Ebon Order | 8 | 5 | 0 | 10 | 0 | 14 | 9 | 5 | -1 | 2 | 3 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 7 |
| Emerald Order | 9 | 5 | 0 | 11 | 0 | 10 | 10 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 10 |
| Ex-postal Workers | 4 | 3 | 0 | 1 | 4 | 7 | 8 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | -3 | 0 | 0 | 6 | 0 | 0 |
| Ex-pro Athletes | 5 | 3 | 5 | 5 | 2 | 3 | 9 | 2 | -2 | 1 | 1 | -2 | 3 | 5 | 0 | 1 | 0 |
| Facemen | 5 | 3 | 1 | 1 | 6 | 10 | 9 | 2 | 5 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Fighting Nuns | 5 | 3 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 7 | 9 | -5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 3 | 1 | 0 |
| Firestorm Team | 8 | 4 | 4 | 4 | 8 | 7 | 10 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 4 | 0 | 0 |
| Followers Of Squiggy | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 10 | 7 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Forgers | 20 | -3 | 3 | 4 | 9 | 8 | 8 | 1 | -1 | 0 | 2 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 |
| Fortune Tellers | 5 | 3 | -1 | 1 | 3 | 10 | 12 | 4 | 2 | 2 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Grey Order | 7 | 4 | 0 | 7 | 4 | 7 | 10 | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 | -2 | 2 | -6 | -6 | 0 | 8 |
| Ground Zero | 12 | 7 | 7 | 8 | 10 | 6 | 8 | 5 | 2 | 4 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 2 | 0 |
| Gun Runners | 6 | 3 | 1 | 3 | 7 | 10 | 9 | 3 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 6 | 0 | 0 |
| Hammer Squad | 2 | 2 | 1 | 3 | 2 | 5 | 7 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Hammerfist Clan | 2 | 2 | 0 | 5 | 0 | 7 | 7 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 |
| Happy Campers | 4 | 3 | 0 | 3 | 8 | 10 | 12 | 3 | 1 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Headbangers | 3 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 7 | 5 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Iron Cadre | 9 | 5 | 4 | 4 | 10 | 7 | 9 | 1 | -3 | 0 | 5 | 3 | 6 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Leatherheads | 3 | 1 | 3 | 4 | 2 | 7 | 6 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Magenta Order | 6 | 3 | 0 | 8 | 1 | 9 | 9 | -3 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4 |
| Master Leeches | 3 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 4 | 9 | 10 | 3 | -3 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Metal Burn | 7 | 4 | 3 | 4 | 7 | 6 | 8 | 3 | 0 | -1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 6 | 0 | 0 |
| Middlemen | 3 | 2 | 2 | 2 | 5 | 8 | 8 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Mutant Thugs | 3 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 3 | 7 | 6 | 0 | -2 | 5 | 1 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Mutt Order | 2 | 1 | 0 | 4 | 1 | 7 | 10 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 |
| Nancy Boys | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 5 | 5 | 0 | -1 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Neck Kickers | 4 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 9 | 11 | -6 | -6 | -2 | -6 | -6 | -4 | -4 | -6 | 15 | 0 |
| New Jacks | 5 | 3 | 2 | 3 | 6 | 8 | 9 | 3 | 3 | 0 | 3 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 |
| Night Walkers | 10 | 6 | 3 | 6 | 5 | 11 | 11 | 4 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 0 |
| Ninja Extras | 5 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 5 | 10 | 8 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 | 0 |
| Pain, Inc. | 9 | 5 | 4 | 5 | 10 | 9 | 8 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Pinheads | 5 | 2 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 3 | 7 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 2 | -5 | 5 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Press Corp | 6 | 4 | 1 | 2 | 8 | 5 | 11 | 4 | 1 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Psychos | 4 | 3 | 5 | 1 | 7 | 5 | 7 | 3 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Pudding Clowns | 1 | 1 | -2 | 1 | 1 | 8 | 8 | 0 | 0 | 9 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Pyramid Healers | 2 | 2 | 0 | 4 | 5 | 7 | 10 | 0 | 0 | 4 | -1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Racketeers | 7 | 4 | 0 | 3 | 9 | 9 | 7 | 6 | 2 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 3 | 0 | 0 |
| Regulators | 4 | 3 | 2 | 4 | 5 | 9 | 9 | 2 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 |
| Rig Masters | 9 | 6 | 4 | 7 | 10 | 7 | 8 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 |
| Right Hands | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 7 | 10 | 10 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Rippers | 4 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 6 | 9 | 9 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4 | -4 | 0 | 0 |
| Road Repair Crew | 4 | 2 | 2 | 3 | 6 | 6 | 7 | 2 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Rusted Blades | 4 | 2 | 2 | 4 | 5 | 7 | 8 | 1 | 2 | -1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 4 | -3 | 0 | 0 |
| Science Team | 6 | 2 | -3 | 1 | 10 | 7 | 10 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 |
| Scumbags | 1 | 1 | 1 | 3 | 2 | 8 | 8 | 1 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Sewer Rats | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2 | 2 | 9 | 7 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Shadow Ninjas | 6 | 4 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 13 | 8 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 3 | 0 | 5 | 0 |
| Shock Troopers | 6 | 4 | 2 | 5 | 10 | 5 | 8 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 |
| Silver Ice | 7 | 4 | 4 | 5 | 7 | 11 | 8 | 1 | 3 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 5 | 0 | 1 | 0 |
| Sister Of The Saber | 6 | 3 | 1 | 4 | 8 | 7 | 9 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 6 | -2 | 0 | 0 |
| Slamdancers | 3 | 2 | 1 | 4 | 3 | 5 | 7 | 3 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 |
| Snipers | 6 | 4 | 1 | 5 | 8 | 11 | 11 | -2 | -3 | 0 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 8 | 0 | 0 |
| Southside Punks | 4 | 2 | 3 | 3 | 5 | 7 | 7 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| Spasmic Superheroes | 7 | 4 | 5 | 5 | 7 | 8 | 8 | 4 | -2 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Stormlords | 8 | 5 | 6 | 4 | 9 | 6 | 9 | 4 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| Suicide Squad | 3 | 0 | 9 | 0 | 9 | 1 | 10 | 0 | 0 | -6 | 0 | -3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Sunshine Cult | 1 | 0 | -3 | 0 | 0 | 10 | 7 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Team Stick Man | 10 | 5 | 2 | 3 | 10 | 12 | 12 | 5 | 5 | 6 | 2 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 |
| Techno Scream | 6 | 4 | 3 | 4 | 10 | 8 | 8 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 |
| The Cleaners | 8 | 5 | 5 | 5 | 9 | 9 | 10 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 5 | 2 | 0 |
| Tiger Clan | 8 | 5 | 4 | 8 | 3 | 6 | 10 | 2 | -1 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | -2 | 0 | 4 |
| Trantian Fusers | 10 | 5 | 3 | 6 | 10 | 5 | 10 | 1 | 0 | 3 | 2 | 5 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Troublemakers | 3 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 4 | 9 | 7 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Used Car Salesmen | 3 | 2 | 1 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 10 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Whiz Kids | 5 | 3 | -2 | 1 | 9 | 10 | 9 | 2 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Wolfpack | 4 | 2 | 4 | 3 | 3 | 10 | 7 | 1 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | -3 | 0 | 0 |
| Wounded Fools | 1 | 1 | 1 | 6 | 2 | 8 | 4 | 1 | 0 | -3 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |

## Sites

| Name | Resistance | Support | Tolerance | Cash | Combat | Defense | Stealth | Detect | Chaos | Control | Heal | Influence | Research | Strength | Blade | Ranged | Fighting | Martial Arts | Equip Discount % | Research Tech Max |
|------|------------|---------|-----------|------|--------|---------|---------|--------|-------|---------|------|-----------|----------|----------|-------|--------|----------|--------------|-------------------|-------------------|
| Arboretum | 5 | 1 | -1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Arena | 11 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Back Alley Network | 9 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Bar/dance Club | 10 | -2 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Casino | 14 | -1 | 0 | 6 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Clinic | 9 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Condos | 9 | 2 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Corporate Towers | 13 | 2 | -2 | 5 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Factory | 10 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 30 | 0 |
| Gym | 7 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Headquarters | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Hospital | 15 | 4 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 6 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Housing | 5 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Mass Media Station | 13 | 2 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Museum | 4 | 1 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Offices | 8 | 1 | -1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Parking Lot | 4 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Research Lab | 12 | 1 | 0 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 10 |
| Science Center | 8 | 0 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 8 |
| Temple | 16 | 3 | -2 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Vacant Lot | 4 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Waste Incinerator | 6 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |

## Items

| Name | Type | Research Cost | Fabrication Cost | Tech Level | Combat | Defense | Stealth | Detect | Chaos | Control | Heal | Influence | Research | Strength | Blade | Ranged | Fighting | Martial Arts |
|------|------|---------------|------------------|------------|--------|---------|---------|--------|-------|---------|------|-----------|----------|----------|-------|--------|----------|--------------|
| Acid Blade | 1 | 4 | 10 | 4 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | -1 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Assault Armor | 3 | 4 | 14 | 6 | 0 | 7 | -8 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Assault Rifle | 2 | 3 | 8 | 4 | 5 | 0 | -5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Battle Suit | 3 | 15 | 40 | 10 | 0 | 12 | -12 | 2 | 0 | -1 | 1 | 3 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Body Armor | 3 | 3 | 10 | 5 | 0 | 6 | -6 | -1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Body Stabilizer | 4 | 7 | 18 | 8 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Boom Boxes | 4 | 0 | 4 | 1 | 1 | 0 | -3 | -2 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Camouflage Suit | 3 | 4 | 10 | 3 | 0 | 1 | 3 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Combat Knife | 1 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Combat Pistol | 2 | 0 | 3 | 2 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Cool Hats | 4 | 0 | 3 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Dragonbreath Carbine | 2 | 10 | 18 | 6 | 8 | 0 | -6 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Empathic Enhancer | 4 | 12 | 25 | 9 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 1 | 4 | 0 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Fear Eminator | 4 | 5 | 10 | 7 | 2 | 0 | -3 | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Field Computer | 4 | 10 | 12 | 6 | 0 | 0 | -1 | 2 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Flak Jacket | 3 | 1 | 5 | 3 | 0 | 3 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Force Blade | 1 | 9 | 20 | 8 | 9 | 1 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Force Field | 3 | 10 | 20 | 8 | 0 | 8 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | -3 | 0 | 0 |
| Fusion Gun | 2 | 12 | 30 | 9 | 13 | 0 | -10 | 0 | 0 | 0 | -1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Inviso Cloak | 3 | 10 | 25 | 9 | 0 | 5 | 8 | 0 | 2 | -2 | 0 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Ionic Mesh Vest | 3 | 12 | 30 | 8 | 0 | 10 | -3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 0 |
| Katana | 1 | 3 | 11 | 5 | 6 | 0 | -4 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Kevlar Vest | 3 | 2 | 7 | 4 | 0 | 4 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Laser Gun | 2 | 6 | 16 | 6 | 7 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Leathers | 3 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Lightning Spear | 0 | 10 | 25 | 9 | 12 | 0 | -9 | 0 | 0 | 0 | -1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Lo-lite Goggles | 4 | 4 | 8 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Medical Kit | 4 | 1 | 6 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Metal Pipe | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | -2 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Monom Rod | 1 | 12 | 32 | 10 | 14 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Pain Negators | 4 | 4 | 6 | 4 | 0 | 2 | 0 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 2 | 0 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Particle Rifle | 2 | 9 | 20 | 7 | 8 | 0 | -4 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Phaze Gloves | 0 | 8 | 15 | 7 | 8 | 0 | -3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Phaze Handgun | 2 | 14 | 35 | 9 | 11 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Plasma Generator | 2 | 15 | 45 | 10 | 15 | 1 | -12 | 0 | 0 | -1 | -2 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Polearm | 0 | 2 | 6 | 4 | 4 | 0 | -8 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Powered Armor | 3 | 8 | 17 | 7 | 0 | 9 | -10 | 1 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 2 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Rage Repeater | 2 | 4 | 12 | 5 | 6 | 0 | -3 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Reaction Leather | 3 | 7 | 12 | 5 | 0 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Riot Gear | 3 | 1 | 4 | 2 | 0 | 4 | -8 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Rocket Launcher | 2 | 10 | 25 | 8 | 10 | 0 | -9 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Scanners | 4 | 6 | 10 | 7 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 4 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Science Kit | 4 | 9 | 7 | 6 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Shades | 4 | 1 | 6 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Shock Pads | 3 | 0 | 3 | 1 | 0 | 2 | -6 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Shotgun | 2 | 1 | 6 | 3 | 4 | 0 | -5 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Smoke Bombs | 4 | 3 | 8 | 3 | 0 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Sneakers | 4 | 1 | 2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Soft Metal Accelerator | 2 | 12 | 23 | 7 | 9 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | -1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Sword | 1 | 1 | 4 | 3 | 3 | 0 | -2 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Thunder Mace | 0 | 6 | 13 | 6 | 7 | 0 | -6 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Vitamins | 4 | 4 | 6 | 2 | 1 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| Whip | 0 | 1 | 3 | 2 | 2 | 0 | -4 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
