# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 14

Nore: you will lave 10 also pay rhar gang's upkeep rhe Tur he is hived iv. Eouipmenr: If you Equip a gang with an item, the cost will be reflected here. City Officials: This is the cost of all the Bribes your Gangs iniriare. Sector Tax: For each sector you control, you will gain 1 cash. Sire Protection: This is the roral cash squeezed our of all the influ- enced Sites in youR SECTORS. Chaos(Estimare): This shows how much you will make from all the Chaos your gang wreck upon the city. Since Cliaos is random, the number is a rough estimate of the projected Chaos. Cash Adjustment: This is the overall projecred cash flow (adding all the costs and qains Together). By clicking on the lower Sector bur- Ton, a mini-reporr will show the Sector Finacial. This panel is the same as the City Financial, excepr thar the projected cash flow is tor only one sector (useful in determining if your average Chaos in thar sector is over the sector tolerance). Combar By far ihe most exjoyable panel 10 look ar. Ar the beginning of your ruRN, Combat panel (or Combar Resulis panel if Detailed Combat is turned off from the menu) will pop our if any of your Gangs smacked somebody on or smacked. The gangs on the left are your gangs and the right side qavgs are all the enemy Gangs. Combar is simuliancous. So if your Gang looks like he is being shor by 4 qanq with a zero force don t panic; thar Gang is just getting his simultaneous shor in ar you. The Combat burton is broken up into 2 burtos (Summary and Derail). Clicking on the upper Summary burion will baing up a Combar Results panel (No animation). This shows your Gangs, per sector, involved iv axy combar. ThE lefr side shows the sector and all your shucks in thar sector. The right side shows alll the enemy gangs in thar sector. IF More thar ONE enemy Overlord has Gangs in thar sector, just click on thar Overlord s face 10 bring up his boys. Your selecied Gang has a green box around him, On he right, any Gangs thar artacked thar selected qang will have a yellow box around them 24 and any Gangs arracked by your selected gang will have a red box around them. IF two gangs artacked each other, the enemy gang will have a red/yellow box around him. Clicking on the lower Derailed burion, you caw bring up the Combar (animated) Panel and warch the animation. This will work even if you Turned off Derailed Combar in the menu. You can exit the derailed combar pavel while the animation is Running by clicking ow the Cancel burton in the panel. This panel will nor open if No combat Took place ina sector you have Gangs in. Gangs This burron is broken up into 2 buttons (Sector and Hine). Clickine the upper Sector burn will bring our the Gang Information panel. Ir will show a star breakdown of all your gangs in the selected sector. This panel
