# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 10

OK, Ger Going Panel In the lower night side of the Game Serup Screen is the OK, Get Going Panel. All ir consists of is the Begin and Cancel burtons. Once all the information is chosen 10 your (and friends ) liking, you click on Begin ro starr the Game. If you don t wish ro start a New Game (and want 10 open saved Game or play a multi-player Game) then click on Cancel. and you will return 10 the Title Screen. WG 2 Lier / Controls Hire Located in rhe lower night corner of the main play screen are three pic- ures of Gangs thar you as AN Overlord can hire into your ARMY ON A particular turn. This is the Hire Screen. The number in GREEN REPRESENTS thein initial cost. Thar is how much cash must be spent in order 10 hire thar Gang. By double-clicking on the face of thar gang, a Gavg Information panel will slide our 10 give you more information oN that GANG. Iv this panel is listed thein upkeep. This is the amount of cash deducted every Turw from your roral cash resenves 10 keep thar Gang UNdER your command, Numbers in red ARE costs on NeGAtive Numbers, whereas NUMbERS IN GREEN REPRESENT INCOME OR positive NUMbeRS. However, As mentioned above, tHe cost When hiring a GANG is SHOWN iN GREEN. To hire a Gang, simply click and drag the picture of one of the THREE GaNGs YOU WANE 10 A SECTOR yOU CONTRO! OR TO A SECTOR WhERE A Gang of yours is iv. The Gang will show up in thar secror Next TURN and CAN be Given commands on thar turn. Their cost and upkeep are auromarically deduct ed. If you do nor lave enough cash 10 afford a qanq s initial cost, they won't be hired ad you will be advised abour ir Next TURN. The lirtle red X burrow under each Gang face is the fire burton. If you Are unhappy with all Three Gangs up for hire, you can fire one of the Gangs and another will fill its place next Tun. A new Gang will also replace Any Gang you decide 10 hire so there will always be three gangs available 10 hie. Each Overlord can command a maximum of 80 roral GANGS at ANY ONE TIME. Each sector can be occupied by six of your angs ar one time. The three Gang for hie will always be different from each orlier, bur you can have multiple Gangs of the same Gang Type under your control.
