# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 24

The Inner Sanctum This section is for the people thar like 10 have thar extra edge when play- ing. To be able To kick some serious neck in this game, ir is useful 10 know the information in this area, IF you ARE A GOON Thar just WANtS 10 TinkER around with the game, you caN skip this section. The Structure OF A Turn A quan is divided into five phases. These phases rake place sequentially, in the order civen. The Command phase is where you will spend most of your Game time. The other foun phases happen instantaneously. Here is aN explanation of the phases: Upkeep You an required 10 pay upkeep on all of your gangs. You also collecr ayy taxes owed 10 you by sectors on Sites. Command Phase This phase is where you give commands 10 your Gangs. Execution Phase All commands Given To your Gangs are performed in this phase. See Command Sequence for more information. Hire Phase If you chose 10 hire a gang this Turn, ir is brought into play. If you removed one, ir is replaced with a new one. Player Elimination Phase Any player withour ar least one sector on Gang is eliminated from the game. Also , in certain scENaRiOs, you CaN be eliminated in other ways. a4 Command Sequence The commands given 10 your Gangs A divided into 6 phases. Each phase is executed for all players simulrancously. Hene is a listing of the phases and the commands executed within them: Instant Phase Bribe, Heal, Hide, Influence, Research, Snitch Combar Phase Arrack Transaction Phase Equip, Give, Sell Chaos Phase Chaos Movement Phase Move, Terminate Control Phase Control Designen Nous: The Give, Equip and Sell all occur after Arack. AF rhe transacting ang is killed, avy items iwolved will be lost. Chaos occurs alter Give, Equip and Sell so you will be able 10 do rhese irem mansactions before Crackdown (if ir occurs). By looking ar rhe riming, you can figure our siearegies 10 1ke adviwrace of ir (you caw have one Gang Give an inem 10 another Gang thar is moving our of the secror on 10 stop someone from conrrolling A sector you can smack him around 10 make hin a weaker covreollen). AD
