# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 22

send to modify 4 qneat range of siats and skills. All star and skill wods ane Ccomplative, IF A weapon gives 1 10 chins, and aw armor gives 1 chaos nd a miscellancous irem Give 3 CHAOS, EQUippiNg All 3 inems will ive Har Gang, 5 10 chaos. Nore thar some irews will Give negative modifiers. For ample, biG, Heavy armors Tend 10 cive cANgs 8 huge penalty 10 their stealth star, making them walking (Hard 10 Kill) rangers Sites Each sector on the map contains three different Sites of importance. A sector must be controlled before any Sires can be influenced (see Influence Command). Avy fully influenced Site will affect all of the con- irollen s gangs in thar secior as well as The sector irself. Orher Gangs belonging, 10 other Overlords will glean no benelir from these Sires. When a Site is influenced, the City view will show thar Site s icon on the sector it was influenced in. Only your influenced Sires will be revealed 10 you. You CANNOT seE if AN OppoNeNT has influENced Sires in his/her sector, Data Resistance AIL Sires have a resistance level. The higher the number, the more difficult it will be 10 influence thar Site. Ir also is a baromerer ro determine how much benefir thar Sire will lave To thar sector and your Gangs. AS GANGS influence a Sire, the resistance will fall. When resistance is zero, the Site is influenced. Nore: If you lose conrrol of a sector with influenced Sites, all Sires in thar secror will revert 10 thein maximum RESISTANCE, Sector Modifiers Influenced Sires can affect rhe stats of the sector thar Sire is in. Tolerance Tolerance is the level of Chaos will can occur in A seCTOR EAC bowen. If Tolerance is oxceeded in a turn by Chaos, the sector will Crackdown (see 4
