# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 16

When you lave mutiple qancs in a Secron, you Ow issue cang commands. A Gang Command Bar will appear oven the rop nuo qangs in A SECTOR when Two on moRE of YOUR GANG are in A secTOR. When a command is cho- sen from the Gang Command Ban, it will issue the command 10 all of your Gangs in thar secon. Axy gangs which fiad commands From befone will Change 10 the New command issued through the Gang Conmand Bar. OF course you CAN CHANGE A Gang s command individually ae thar. You can Also issue continuous cANG commands by issuing the command from the double GneeN arnow. YOU CANNOT Give commands To enemy Gangs andl You vill nor be able 10 sce whar commands an eneny GANG is executing. You will know if your Gangs are artacked by aN enemy qanc, bur only after being spanked by them. 28 Commands These are The commands thar you May GiVE YOUR GANGS: Arrack... This allows your Gang 10 artack AN ENEMY GANG Foolish ENoUGh 10 TRESPASS onto your 1uaf, You can only isu this command if tHene ARE ENEMY GANGS iw thar sector you can detect. Select ATIack 10 OpEN the Target Acquisition panel. Click ow THe enemy Gang 10 be antacked. A ranger will appear ov Thar gang's ucly face. You caw change rangers any number of tives uni you hit Done, Whex ariacking 4 qang, the defender always cers a revalit- Tory attack on the aracken (at 1/2 combar strength). IF ihe aracker hs Mantial Aras (sce Martial Arts on pace 4), is unarmed, and is artack ing a gang with no Martial Arts (on has the skill bur fs armed) the shee is no netaliarony arrack (she Manrial Artist gers a free hit). Martial Artists will ger retaliatory amtacks against other Martial Amtsts. Also, any Ave shar Hides has no reraliarony arvack if found and assalied Note: All combar is simulianeous. Bribe Bribing the local ciry officials allows mone crime and ananchy ro occu iN thar sector. It costs 3 cash To Temporarily imprave A secton s TolERANCE: Tolerance will neturw 10 its original level ar the rare of one point peR TURN For example, Sector A2 has a tolerance of 14. You bribe ir 10 increase i110 17. On the 1uaw following it will drop down ro 16 (and keep deop- ping until it reaches 14). Nore that Sires permanently incrense/decneast tolerance as long as they remain fully influenced. Chaos Basic command in the game. A Gang will CREATE ANAnchy iN A GIVEN SECTOR in onder 10 INCREASE yoUR cash. IF100 much chaos occurs iN a secTOR, HEN ihe secror will be Busted (wo cash from chaos will be qaived thar TURN iN shar secror..see Crackdown on page 42). If you chaos in a sector Not 29
