# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 5

About Chaos Overlords Year 2046. Governments of the world hive been Going bankrupt. Privare indusinies starr 1o purchase national qoverwments. The world became a lange business community. Year 2050. World peace has been achieved when all Governments have merged uNdeR ONE coRporation called the World Unired Solidarity (WUS). Like all monopolies, WUS became breeding ground of conup- Tio. To control the people of the world, they instituted mass censorship. They banned ownership of all weapons, drugs avd pornography. World vid access was limited and programming was stripped of sex and violence. Virwual Net traffic was shutdown. Life became boring. Enter the Chaos Overlords. Former crimelords and corporate. lieads, these leaders sought 10 exploit the people by creating chaos - selling the drugs, GUNS, ANd poRN TO ANyONE thar wanted ir. They shook down busi- esses and RAN The numbers. WUS did nor rake kindly 10 these blatant indiscretions and would frequently crackdown Overlord operations. The Overlords became more cunning and conducted MANy subVERSIVE OpERA- tions, Bribes and kickbacks would wav WUS'S eyes away from the crimes they commirred. The people were eager for more. Many gangs flocked under the Clinos Overlord s banner for their piece of the pic. The power of these Chaos Overlords was memendous and the only ones To stop them were each other. The cities became bartleqnounds for the Chaos Overlords. People and properry became mene pawns 10 use iN TheiR stRUGglE 10 destroy each otlier, Power and money were all thar martened 10 them. The Chaos Overlords began To savor the mass brutality and killings. People feared them, bur would do nothing 10 stop them.. You are A Chaos Overlord. The city lies before you like a lamb before the slaughter, As you survey your domain your informarional net informs you Of the presence of five otter Overlords awaiting 10 pounce upon the ciry 6 which is rightfully yours. These prerendens do vor realize who they're dealing with! You lave 10 show these fools who runs The operations anound hee. Ger our there and kick some neck!
