# Chaos Overlords Manual – Page 29

wait for bork computers To establish the Connection. For Macintosh Appliralk Allows you 10 play over av Appleralk network. Comm Toolbox Allows you 10 play through a modem on serial connection using the Apple Modem on Serial Tools, respectively. Apple Modem Confiquae your port settings, and if Joining, enter the phone Number of the Host, then click OK. Serial Configure your porr serrings, then click OK. MacTCP Allows you 10 play over the Inrerner. You must first login 10 your inten- net provider, so thar you can be assigned an IP address (you only need To know your IP address if you are the Host). Nore: Windows 95 and Maciviosl are compatible rhrough modem avd serial con- ections using the approprisre protocols. Nerwork comparibiliy benveew Windows 95 and Macivrosh is available only through TCPAP (WinSock avd MacTCP). Locating your IP Address You ca locare your IP addaess immediately after you have connected 10 youn internet provider. For Windows 95 Under the Starr menu go 10 Sertings 10 open the Conirol Panel. Open Nenwork by doule-clicking on the Nerwork icon. Double-click on TCP/IP under the Confiquration tab 10 view the TCP/IP Properties. You can locate the current IP address under the IP Address tab. 54 For Macintosh Under the Apple menu Go 10 Control Panels. Open MacICP. You can locate the current IP address within this window. Hosting A Multi-Player Game After specifying the correct multi-player protocol from the Comm menu, select Host Game... from the file menu. Some protocols will need addi- tional information about the hast CONNECTION. If you selected WinSock, you will be given a choice of oe on mone IP addresses. Choose which IP address you wish 10 Host ov. As the Host, you need 10 provide the IP address 10 the orker players. You caw do this by sending them email. You will the be taken 10 the host screen where you will be able 10 select the scenario you wish 10 play. You caw also enrer your player nawe and change the face. You should also make sure of the difficulry serring (see Game Serrings Panel on page 14). After all players are ready, you can hit the Begin burton. A hilighted player face means the player is ready. Joi ig A Multi-Player Game After specifying the correct multi-player prorocol from the Comm menu, select Join Game... from the File menu. You will veed 1 specify infor- mation abour the host. If you selected WinSock or MacICP, you must manually enier the IP address you have been provided with by the Host. More than likily the Host will do this via email If all of the information you entered about the host was CORRECI, A CON- nol panel will appear allowing you To enter your player name And change The face. Hit the Begin burion when you are ready. After all playens hit Begin, the Game will starr. 55
